---
ID: 6213
post_title: "2017"
author: metalfinger
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: http://52.66.249.55/2017-2/
published: true
post_date: 2019-03-22 22:36:12
---
<p>[vc_row type="full_width_background" full_screen_row_position="middle" bg_color="#ffee00" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="center" top_padding="4%" bottom_padding="4%" id="aftermovie" overlay_strength="0.3" shape_divider_position="bottom" bg_image_animation="none" shape_type=""][vc_column column_padding="padding-5-percent" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_link_target="_self" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" width="1/1" tablet_width_inherit="default" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][nectar_animated_title heading_tag="h4" style="hinge-drop" color="Accent-Color" text="<b>AFTERMOVIE</b>"][vc_video link="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBwo3etG_hc&feature=youtu.be" align="center" css=".vc_custom_1558616026763{margin-top: 20px !important;margin-bottom: 20px !important;border-top-width: 2px !important;border-right-width: 2px !important;border-bottom-width: 2px !important;border-left-width: 2px !important;}"][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row type="full_width_background" full_screen_row_position="middle" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="center" top_padding="4%" bottom_padding="4%" id="speakers-2017" overlay_strength="0.3" shape_divider_position="bottom" bg_image_animation="none" shape_type=""][vc_column column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_link_target="_self" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" width="1/1" tablet_width_inherit="default" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][nectar_animated_title heading_tag="h4" style="hinge-drop" color="Accent-Color" text="<b>SPEAKERS</b>"][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7778" bio_image_url="9022" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ACHILLE FORLER" job_position="PERMANENT ADVISOR</br>IPRS" team_member_bio="After graduating in Graphic Arts, he studied Indian culture (M.A.) and sanskrit (Ph.D.).<br />
Has 35 years of experience in the creative industries. Founder-director of a cultural<br />
centre in the 1980s, he was Attaché for Cultural Industries in the French Ministry of<br />
Foreign Affairs (1990-94). He pioneered music publishing in India with Deep Emotions<br />
Publishing; BMG became an equity partner in 2006 and the company was acquired by<br />
UMPG in 2012. He continued as MD of UMPG (India) until May 2016. Contributes<br />
frequently on copyright issues; author of the chapter ‘Audiovisual media’ in L’Inde<br />
contemporaire, dir. Christophe Jaffrelot, Fayard 1996. Investor in two start-ups."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7780" bio_image_url="9024" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="AJAY- ATUL" job_position="MUSIC DIRECTOR, COMPOSER, PERFORMER" team_member_bio="They are the music alias of Indian music director-composer duo of brothers Ajay Ashok Gogavale and Atul Ashok Gogavale. In 2008, they have won the Best Music Direction award at the 56th National Film Awards from the Government of India for contributing music to the Marathi film “Jogawa”. Their interest in music developed while they were still in school. Despite not getting direct training, they learnt a lot from these ventures. They came to Mumbai and started working on an international non-film music album ``Vishwavinayaka``. This proved to be a big break for them and paved the way for their foray into the Indian (mostly Marathi) music industry. They worked on many commercial jingles, ballets and advertisements to strengthen their profile. Man udhav varyache , malharwari Kombdi palali are some of their notable compositions. Ajay-Atul composed the songs and background score for the Marathi film Naṭarang (2010). Their composition for Naṭarang was influenced by traditional Marathi folk music forms like Lavani and Tamasha. They recently gave music for the Hindi films Singham starring Ajay Devgan and directed by Rohit Shetty , Agneepath produced by Karan Johar and produced one song for PK starring Aamir Khan , Anushka Sharma & directed by Raj Kumar Hirani."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7779" bio_image_url="9023" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="AJAY NAIR" job_position="COO & CFO</br>OML" team_member_bio="Ajay Nair is the COO and CFO at Only Much Louder (OML). He helps plan and execute the overall strategy at OML, and is in charge of building out the ticketing operations for the various properties that OML owns and executes in the live entertainment space. Ajay graduated from IIM Lucknow in 2004, and has previously worked in private equity, investment banking and business consulting businesses in India. Only Much Louder plays at the intersection of three elements - alternative culture, youth and brands. It focuses on reaching the youth market in India through high quality entertainment properties including music festivals, concert properties and branded content. OML works with various brands in the country in conceptualizing and executing their marketing and branding strategies aimed at the youth segment. Some of India's pioneering music festivals such as NH7 Weekender and A Summer's Day are promoted by OML. OML has conceptualized and produced well regarded branded content properties such as The Dewarists (Cannes-award winner in the branded content category), MTV Sound Trippin' and MTV Bring On The Night. OML is one of YouTube's select partners in India under the Content Innovation Program through which it has built one of India's fastest growing YouTube channels. OML also runs NH7.in, the online hub of indie music and alternative culture in India."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7781" bio_image_url="9025" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="AMIT TRIVEDI" job_position="SINGER/ MUSIC COMPOSER, PROGRAMMER & ARRANGER" team_member_bio="Ajay Nair is the COO and CFO at Only Much Louder (OML). He helps plan and execute the overall strategy at OML, and is in charge of building out the ticketing operations for the various properties that OML owns and executes in the live entertainment space. Ajay graduated from IIM Lucknow in 2004, and has previously worked in private equity, investment banking and business consulting businesses in India. Only Much Louder plays at the intersection of three elements - alternative culture, youth and brands. It focuses on reaching the youth market in India through high quality entertainment properties including music festivals, concert properties and branded content. OML works with various brands in the country in conceptualizing and executing their marketing and branding strategies aimed at the youth segment. Some of India's pioneering music festivals such as NH7 Weekender and A Summer's Day are promoted by OML. OML has conceptualized and produced well regarded branded content properties such as The Dewarists (Cannes-award winner in the branded content category), MTV Sound Trippin' and MTV Bring On The Night. OML is one of YouTube's select partners in India under the Content Innovation Program through which it has built one of India's fastest growing YouTube channels. OML also runs NH7.in, the online hub of indie music and alternative culture in India."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7782" bio_image_url="9026" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="AMITABH BHATTACHARYA" job_position="SINGER/ LYRICIST" team_member_bio="Amitabh Bhattacharya is a National Award-winning lyricist from the Bollywood Film Industry.<br />
His work is considered pioneering in ushering the new wave of Bollywood music and few. Known as ‘The Everyman Lyricist’ he has much insights to offer to the path of success in the industry." social_link_1="sensibilities. Known for a frill free and smartly worded style, Amitabh continues to write chartbusters for top filmmakers across the spectrum. Along with putting pen to paper, Amitabh also has sung a number of songs in films like Aamir, Udaan, 2 States to name a"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9460" bio_image_url="9452" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ANAND CHABRIA" job_position="HEAD, CORPORATE RELATIONS</br>ANAND AUDIO"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7783" bio_image_url="9027" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ANKIT KHANNA" job_position="FOUNDER</br>DNH ARTISTS & A K PROJEKTS" team_member_bio="A boy who started with a dream of being an artist played many roles apart from being the primary. Started off as a DJ cum music producer idolizing many of his idols and sooner or later jumped onto being one of the youngest promoters in the urban music scene across the north of India focusing on importing hit talents from the UK’s DESI music scene. Few years down later he’s a complete talent manager representing the hit squad from U.K – RDB.</p>
<p>Without any professional accolades Ankit Khanna (Founder of DNH Artists) learnt everything about the music industry on the job. From touring with artists to managing their professional chores he’s slowly turned into someone whom we can say (been there done that). Paving his own way in the industry he’s emerged as one of the youngest talent scouts in the country. From helping revive artists like MANJ MUSIK (Ex-RDB lead vocalist) to help build independent artists none other than the sensational RAFTAAR he’s carved his own way leaving some footprints for many to follow in the current scene.</p>
<p>Recently debuting another imprint as a label cum space AK PROJEKTS he continuously dedicates in hunting for new talents where he can support and help numerous artists across all musical genres. Ankit has majorly contributed in getting the underground music scene the light it deserves in INDIA."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9461" bio_image_url="9453" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ANKIT TIWARI" job_position="SINGER &amp; ARTIST" team_member_bio="30+ national &amp; international awards including Filmfare, IIFA, Zee Cine, GiMA, Mirchi Music &amp; Now Awards winning composer/singer Ankit Tiwari is a musical personality who does not need any introduction in the Indian film industry. Ankit is the only artist in history of Bollywood, who has won Filmfare and IIFA consecutively in 2013, 2014 &amp; 2015 for Best Music Director and Best Playback Singer. He has gifted the new age Bollywood industry a completely new style of music songs with a fine blend of melody and simplicity."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7785" bio_image_url="9029" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ANUJA CHOUDHARY" job_position="CO - FOUNDER/CEO</br>WIZSPK COMMUNICATION I PR" team_member_bio="She has been spearheading campaigns for music channels, record labels and music properties over the last 17 years.An entrepreneur to the core, Anuja partnered with Wizcraft and founded Wizspk PR & Communication, which continues to work with leading music labels, multi-channel networks and numerous music properties.</p>
<p>With a track record of immensely successful public relations campaigns and a prolific clientele list, the company represents a wide spectrum of organizations and brands in addition to Music, in sectors like across Music, Entertainment, Fashion, Lifestyle, Hospitality and Consumer Goods.</p>
<p>As the CEO of Wizspk, Anuja has spearheaded several strategic PR campaigns for some of the largest music festivals which include the likes of Global Citizen India and Enchanted Valley Carnival. Profiling numerous music artists for Universal Music, launching music properties like Jammin and GiMA, Wizspk team has an impeccable track record of working on immensely successful PR campaigns.</p>
<p>Anuja works with zealous abandon to develop PR professionals into well rounded communication and marketing experts.In her leisure time, Anuja also likes to express her creativity, with painting as one of her hobbies."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7786" bio_image_url="9030" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ARIJIT SINGH" job_position="SINGER/ MUSIC PROGRAMMER & ARRANGER" team_member_bio="Arijit Singh is a globally celebrated artiste, his music prowess extends to being a Music Producer and Live Performer. Cited as one of the most talented singers in India, his songs are considered iconic worldwide. In the extremely competitive and ever-changing world of Bollywood he continues to stand at the apex with his consistently successful songs which now have a distinct vibe of their own. His voice is soothing, soulful and melodious with his singing abilities unmatched.</p>
<p>Recognized as the ‘Voice of new age’, Arijit has lent his voice to all the popular actors and has worked with most of the composers in Bollywood Music Industry. Considered to be one of the most versatile playback singers, Arijit has consistently delivered chart toppers in Bollywood and the Regional music industry. Being one of the most in-demand performers across the country, he has clocked one of the highest ticket sales for any Indian musician in the past years.</p>
<p>Receiver of every major award in the industry, Arijit has sung more than 200 songs and continues to keep the music playing with his melodious voice and music production skills."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7787" bio_image_url="9031" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ARJUN CHANDY" job_position="SINGER, VOCAL ARRANGER, CONDUCTOR" team_member_bio="Arjun Chandy is a singer, arranger, studio vocalist, and conductor from Dallas, TX. His musical experiences are rooted in Carnatic and Hindustani music, which after giving his first concert at the age of 4, he studied and performed the music for over 20 years. Chandy studied western classical and jazz music at the renowned University of North Texas, which has produced standout artists such as Grammy winners Norah Jones, Don Henley (founding member of The Eagles), and the band Snarky Puppy. Apart from Indian Classical music, Arjun spent many years soloing as a jazz vocalist performing both with jazz combos and big bands.</p>
<p>While in high school, Chandy competed in state and national music competitions, receiving 1st place. After being recruited by some of the leading music schools and conservatories in the US, he joined 12-time gold medal international champion men’s choir, The Vocal Majority. He won an international gold medal with The Vocal Majority in 2006 and was also a medalist at the 2007 International Collegiate Quartet Contest. Within the Vocal Majority, Chandy has served on the music staff, tenor section-leader, director of small ensembles, member of the feature professional quartet, arranger, and did some conducting of the chorus as well.</p>
<p>Arjun also participates in world music concerts around America and has performed on stage and collaborated with notable musicians including Srinivas Krishnan, Glen Velez, Jeff Queen, Robin Eubanks, Jamie Haddad, Victor Mendoza, Egui Castrillo, Brian Piper, Ed Soph, Embar Kannan, Ghatam Karthik, Umayalpuram Sivaraman, AR Rahman, Carlos Santana, and the late jazz legend and Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award winner Dave Brubeck, who was the composer of what many consider to be the most iconic jazz song of all-time: Take Five. Chandy also has sung the American national anthem at professional sporting events in Dallas as well as at both public and private events for former US President George W. Bush. In addition, he worked in music advertising as a studio vocalist at the famed jingle industry in Dallas.</p>
<p>He has arranged and conducted for professional and collegiate vocal groups of all styles including choral, barbershop, jazz, and world music, and often is a guest professor at music schools and universities around the US. Some of his writings have been published in educational manuals at music conservatories.</p>
<p>In January 2014, Oscar-winning composer A.R. Rahman specially commissioned Arjun to writing arrangements for and conducting a vocal group, NAFS, and the group was launched in early 2015. Chandy currently works at Rahman’s studio Panchatan, where he works as an arranger, vocal supervisor, and singer. In addition, he has sung songs for Rahman, including “Whispers of the Mind” from the movie Mohenjo Daro, “24 Karat” from 24, “Jee Lein” from OK Jaanu, and the hit song “Azhagiye” from Mani Ratnam’s Kaatru Veliyedai which stayed no.1 on the charts for several weeks."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7788" bio_image_url="9032" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ASHISH HEMRAJANI" job_position="FOUNDER-CEO</br>BIGTREE ENTERTAINMENT PVT.LTD. (BOOKMYSHOW)" team_member_bio="Ashish Hemrajani is the CEO and Founder of Bigtree Entertainment Private Limited, which operates BookMyShow, India’s largest online entertainment ticketing platform, offering tickets for movies, plays, concerts, sports games and live events.</p>
<p>Ashish started his professional journey after completing his MBA specialising in Marketing at Sydenham University in 1997. In 1999, he gave in to his passion for entrepreneurship and founded Bigtree.</p>
<p>In 2007, seeing the growth in multiplexes and the increased credit/debit card penetration in the country, Ashish and his team launched BookMyShow as we know it today. While passionately driving his model for BookMyShow, he brought on board believing investors like Stripes Group, Network 18, Accel Partners and SAIF Partners. BookMyShow has also ventured into international territories and has expanded its operations to New Zealand, Australia, Indonesia and Sri Lanka.</p>
<p>Hemrajani believes in balance and indulges in a couple of leisure activities that help him stay focussed, including sailing. The BookMyShow captain cool considers the sea as a great leveller. He sails every week and participates in sailing competitions regularly along with his crew. Apart from being out at sea, Ashish is also drawn to the philosophy of Vedanta."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9462" bio_image_url="9454" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ASHOK PARWANI" job_position="DIRECTOR, MARKETING</br>SONY MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT INDIA PVT LTD" team_member_bio="30 Years of outstanding multifaceted experience within the Entertainment and Digital Industry. Experience includes a strong understanding of Marketing, digital and Business Development with organisations in India and Middle East."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7789" bio_image_url="9033" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ATUL CHURAMANI" job_position="FOUNDER & MD</br>TURNKEY MUSIC & PUBLISHING" team_member_bio="Atul Churamani joined the Indian music industry in 1987 and has worked with music labels like CBS Gramophone Records and Tapes (I) Ltd., Magnasound India Ltd, Virgin Records and Saregama India Ltd. He has held several portfolios at these labels from International Music Manager to A&R and Marketing Director. He has been closely associated with the development of the Indian pop music scene and the establishing of the digital and music publishing businesses for the industry.</p>
<p>He has been on the board of the Indian Performing Rights Society and the Phonographic Performance Ltd. After a stint with VAS company Onmobile Global Limited, Atul is now Managing Director of Turnkey Music & Publishing Pvt. Ltd., a company he founded, that helps independent artistes publish and self release music and curates the folk / fusion music festival ‘Paddy Fields’."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7790" bio_image_url="9034" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BLAISE FERNANDES" job_position="PRESIDENT & CEO</br>IMI" team_member_bio="Blaise Fernandez has Spent 25 years in the media and entertainment industry, which includes 23 years as head of Warner Bros South Asia , he was also a part of the WB global leadership team from 2007 to 2013, CEO of GATEWAYHOUSE HOUSE a Mumbai based foreign policy think tank for 4 years, SVP Corporate Affairs at EDELWEISS FINANCE and now President and CEO of IMI and an independent board member of GATEWAYHOUSE."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7791" bio_image_url="9035" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BRIAN TELLIS" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & GROUP CEO</br>FOUNTAINHEAD | MKTG" team_member_bio="He completed his schooling and went on to graduate in Commerce from the University of Bombay. He also obtained a Diploma in Business Management from the Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research. Has enjoyed a fruitful career in entertainment that spans nearly three decades. This includes various avatars – as show host, performer, voice-over specialist, radio jockey, jury member, event business honcho and consultant, amongst other things. He has earned a commendable equity in anchoring, radio, theatre and music.</p>
<p>Before venturing into the world of entertainment, Brian spent over a decade in the travel industry, finding his bearings with a GSA of Pan American Airlines, before earning his stripes in corporate sales at Air France and Air Canada, where he serviced high net worth clients.</p>
<p>In 1995 Brian co-founded Fountainhead Promotions and Events Pvt Ltd. As a driving force throughout the company’s timeline, he has been instrumental in installing it amongst the leading event management players in the country, with offices in Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore. Brian is Chairman at Fountainhead.</p>
<p>A much-in-demand voice-over exponent, Brian has hosted over 1500 high-profile awards nights including the Abbies, Emvies and Effies, fashion shows and glam events of the pedigree of The Godrej Ms. World Charity Ball’97 and the Femina Ms. India pageants. He has also lent his voice to a slew of mainline TV commercials.</p>
<p>Brian is revered as one of the pioneering radio jockeys in the country’s FM era. When FM first came to India in the early nineties, he was amongst the principal RJs on the leading radio station – Times FM (later Radio Mirchi), hosting some of its prime English music shows. He has also programmed and hosted FM radio shows for other channels including HMV FM, Radio One and Jaago Mumbai. In his time, Brian has anchored in excess of 3500 radio show episodes and still counting!</p>
<p>From RJ to consultant, Brian went on to influence Radio Mirchi’s roll-out strategy, radio programming and marketing at the invitation of this Times Group-owned channel.</p>
<p>Brian has also founded his very own outfit Radio-Active, a company in the music entertainment space, which has produced programming software for the likes of Times FM and HMV FM in the past. He has also played a pivotal role in the setting up of Jaago Mumbai – a pioneering concept of community radio in India.</p>
<p>It was the combination of Brian’s music instincts and business sense again that spawned Groove – a kind of path-breaker for the mega music store concept in India. When the influential Times Group sought to replicate this business model through its own music store chain Planet M, it was the experience of Brian that they fell back on, in consultation.</p>
<p>Vastly respected for his experience around media circles, Brian has been invited to sit on prestigious jury panels – Channel `{`V`}` Awards, MTV Video Music Awards and the ultimate destination in show business – Cannes!</p>
<p>An influential name in the event management industry, Brian is a founder member of the industry’s pinnacle body EEMA, which represents the interests of its members even at the highest level of Government. Brian has served as President at EEMA, and under his leadership several initiatives have been implemented, including widening membership to a pan-India status and launching the industry journal – EEMAg.</p>
<p>In earlier years, Brian earned a solid reputation around music and theatre circles… as frontman of a pop-rock styled band Voices (the band was a highlight feature at the Aid Bhopal concert in the eighties); and through headline billings in several theatre-based musicals on the Bombay circuit, including Evita, Annie, Joseph and His Technicolour Dreamcoat, Greased Lightening, The Witness, Oh Artaban and Beauty and The Beast."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7792" bio_image_url="9036" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BRYAN DURHAM" job_position="EDITOR </br>BANDOOK" team_member_bio="Bryan Durham is the editor of Bandook, a music-first digital news blog that’s made quite a buzz in a short time, with content that resonates with music followers.</p>
<p>Bryan is a known name in music circles, with over 12 years of experience in entertainment journalism. He has worked with the biggest newspapers in the country like Mid-Day, Bombay Times and DNA and has been at the forefront of promoting and reporting on music."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7793" bio_image_url="9037" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="DEVRAJ SANYAL" job_position="MD & CEO</br>UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP INDIA & SOUTH ASIA" team_member_bio="Sanyal has been running the Universal Music Group businesses for South Asia & India since 2011. In the past 6 years he has groomed it into one of the most successful music business models in the region. UMG is now a 360-degree; festival business, music business including the label, live & artist promotions, merchandising and a creator of platforms for music & brands. It’s also the leading label for Indie & non-film music, carving a niche amongst Bollywood driven labels.</p>
<p>Sanyal also runs the publishing business for the region & is regarded as the top A&R man, now compounded by his role as a judge on network TV’s largest all English reality show called “The Stage” for the third season this year.</p>
<p>Sanyal was the co-founder of Sunburn, Asia’s no 1 EDM festival and is now deeply integrated in the music Intellectual properties business & is currently the Director & CEO of the India’s largest multi-genre music & camping festival “Enchanted Valley Carnival”.</p>
<p>Devraj is also a founding member of Brahma, India’s premier metal band making him the only artist & music executive in the region."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7794" bio_image_url="9038" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ED PETO" job_position="MANAGING DIRECTOR</br>OUTDUSTRY" team_member_bio="A native of London, Ed moved to China in 2006 to serve on the front lines of the music industry. He now owns and runs Outdustry, a unique market-leading music industry services business specialising in the Chinese recorded music industry representing labels, publishers, CMOs, talent and services for work in the territory.</p>
<p>He is frequently sought out by international media - The Economist, FT, WSJ, Guardian, Bloomberg, Reuters, Billboard etc - to comment on market news and conditions, has written extensively on the technical workings of the Chinese music industry and is a Billboard International Power Player. As part of an MBA at the Berlin School of Creative Leadership, Ed is also currently writing his master’s thesis on the Indian music industry."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7795" bio_image_url="9039" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="EHSAAN NOORANI" job_position="MUSIC COMPOSER" team_member_bio="Picked up playing the guitar in high school. He played with his first band 'Pegasus' doing mainly covers of bands like the Allman Brothers, Heart & Wishbone Ash. Ehsaan joined the band Crosswinds in 1982 playing alongside fellow guitarist Sanjay Divecha.</p>
<p>He attended the 'Musicians Institute' then known as the 'Guitar Institute of Technology' in Hollywood California from 1985 to 1986 learning from players like Danny Gilbert, Robben Ford, Steve Trovato and Keith Wyatt.</p>
<p>In 1986 Ehsaan came back to India and almost immediately began playing sessions mainly for TV commercials and film scores. At the same time he started playing in a band called “Mickeys New Home“along with Ranjit Barot & Sanjay Divecha. He soon began composing music independently for commercials in 1989 and it is during this period that Ehsaan met up with Shankar and Loy.</p>
<p>Ehsaan collaborated with his close friends Loy Mendonsa & Shankar Mahadevan and in 1996 Shankar Ehsaan Loy was formed. Together the trio have composed music for several films - Dus, Dil Chahta Hai, Kal Ho Na Ho, Rock On, Bunty aur Bubli, Jhoom Barabar Jhoom, Kabhi Alvida Na Kehna, My Name is Khan, Taare Zameen Par, Bhag Milkha Bhag, 2 States, etc... They have had over 75 Number 1 songs spanning across their career.They have gone on to win the National Award for Excellence in Music for the soundtrack of Kal Ho Na Ho, Screen, Filmfare & IIFA awards for the music of Dil Chahta Hai, Kal Ho Na Ho, Bunty Aur Babli, My Name is Khan, Bhag Milkha Bhag, Mirzya, Rock On, Taare Zameen Par.</p>
<p>Amongst their body of work SEL have also composed the song for the closing of the Commonwealth Games, ICC Cricket World Cup sing in 2011 in addition to performing at both ceremonies. They have also composed several TV serial title tracks - Kya Hum Paachvi Pass Se Tez Hai?, Rang Badalti Odhni & Aarambh.</p>
<p>Currently he is a Judge for the reality show the Stage now shooting Season 3 on Colours Infinity and is also busy working on several sound tracks for their upcoming films."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7796" bio_image_url="9040" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="FERZAD PALIA" job_position="HEAD - YOUTH, MUSIC & ENGLISH ENTERTAINMENT</br>VIACOM18" team_member_bio="The youngest member to enter Viacom18’s leadership team at just 28 in 2008, Ferzad Palia heads the Youth, Music and English Entertainment clusters at Viacom18 Media Pvt. Ltd. Ferzad envisions business growth with a strong focus on brand building and bottom line.</p>
<p>As Head- Youth, Music & English Entertainment, Ferzad heads MTV, MTV Beats, COLORS Infinity, Comedy Central & Vh1. His role has been further expanded to include two new businesses as the network dials up its content & music offerings. ‘Brand Studio’ will create branded content and white label solutions for partners, along with original commissioned content. ‘MTV Music Project’, will nurture an ecosystem of new and established artistes and create original music content.</p>
<p>The launch-maven of Viacom18, Ferzad was part of the four-member start-up that brought Vh1 to India in 2005. Since 2010, when he became Business Head, Vh1 in India was transformed into the India’s premier music and entertainment destination with large-scale multi-platform properties. Under his leadership, Vh1 has witnessed a meteoric rise in stature as well as revenues and has become one of Viacom18’s most profitable brands.</p>
<p>With the success of Vh1, Ferzad was entrusted with further growth of English Entertainment. This spelled the birth of Comedy Central in India in 2012. His vision helped the channel climb an active growth trajectory in less than three years as India’s first 24-hour channel dedicated to English language comedy, reaching millions of households across platforms.</p>
<p>Having established these multiplatform brands in India and a successful business, Ferzad is taking English Entertainment to the next level with the launch of Viacom18’s first English General Entertainment Channel, COLORS Infinity. Following his tremendous success with the English Entertainment Cluster, he was given the additional responsibility of heading the Youth Entertainment Brands – MTV and MTV Indies in late 2015. In 2016, Ferzad expanded the MTV footprint in India further by launching MTV Beats, a 24x7 Hindi music brand with a focus on Bollywood.</p>
<p>Whether conducting conversations with international studios for sustainable partnerships, or adapting brands to multi-platform experiences, Ferzad aces the art of diversifying brands beyond TV into various platforms. Whether live, digital, or consumer products – he consistently brings alive the wider organizational vision of drawing synergies across platforms and businesses. Ferzad was named among Business Today’s ‘Hottest Young Executives of India’ in 2014, having earned several national and international awards for the English Entertainment business.</p>
<p>Ferzad’s experience of close to 18 years covers a varied range - sales, marketing, content, creative and advertising. In his previous role, he was Marketing Manager at CNBC TV18 till 2004, where he supervised planning and implementation of mass media output, brand development and execution. He started his career with J. Walter Thompson’s direct marketing wing - HTA Direct, where his brand servicing portfolio comprised some of the biggest Unilever brands.</p>
<p>When not at work, Ferzad transforms into an inimitable Xbox-er."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7797" bio_image_url="9041" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="GAURAV SHARMA" job_position="CHIEF PROGRAMMING OFFICER</br>FEVER FM"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9505" bio_image_url="9505" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="GIRISH TALWAR" job_position="VP LIVE</br>BOOKMYSHOW"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7799" bio_image_url="9042" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="GURPREET SINGH" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & COO</br>ONE DIGITAL ENTERTAINMENT" team_member_bio="Starting out as an entrepreneur at an early age of 17, Gurpreet Singh has been credited with launching flagship mobile services in the nascent days of the mobile industry. Gurpreet has played a key role in steering the Indian digital entertainment space for the last 15 years. From spear heading the digital business for the Viacom18 network, setting up the content business for du (UAE), a prolific stint with leading companies like Hungama Mobile and UTV, Gurpreet has empowered strong symbiotic relations with content aggregators, creators and digital platforms alike.</p>
<p>Getting back to his entrepreneurial roots, Gurpreet has co -founded One Digital Entertainment. A 4-year-old company running strong it has emerged to be one of India’s premier digital content network. One Digital Entertainment currently runs 2500+ channels across music, fashion, food, Bollywood, comedy and lifestyle genres delivering more than a Billion views every month on its network.</p>
<p>In the music genre specifically, One Digital Entertainment today empowers more than 300 mainstream and upcoming independent artists managing their digital content, distribution & monetization strategy across online audio & video platforms. Some of the artists which are part of their network are Badshah, Raftaar, Shanker Ehsaan Loy, Gurdas Maan, Armaan Malik, Papon, Manj Musik, Euphoria, Gippy Grewal, Baba Sehgal, Amrinder Gill, Akriti Kakkar, Aditi Singh Sharma, Darshan Raval to name only a few.</p>
<p>It has been instrumental in building various independent music formats such as Hip Hop Highway on Saavn & Spoken Word with MTV besides working with various brands such as Vodafone, Nokia, Jack & Jones, Tinder, Huawei, Micromax, Gionee etc for advertiser funded music programming."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7800" bio_image_url="9044" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="HARRDY SANDHU" job_position="SINGER / PERFORMER / ACTOR" team_member_bio="The hearth-throb of a million hearts of young punjab, Harrdy Sandhu is the multi-talented versatile superstar to look out for. Recently made his bollywod debut with the dance number ``Nachna aunda nai`` while his previous hit ``Soch`` went on to get featured in the multi-award winning film airlift major milestones his first major breakthrough happened with song “soch” for which he won best romantic song of the year award and the best music video award at PTc Music Awards 2012 launched on Sony Music India in 2012 with his debut album ``This is Harrdy Sandhu``. Songs from album became an instant hit and established harrdy sandhu as a promising singer in punjabi music industry. The man behind the 2017 superhit ``Backbone`` the first ever Punjabi music video to cross the 100 million mark on YouTube his 2012 superhit ``Soch`` still remains one of the biggest romantic ballads of all times, that went on to get adapted in a big banner bollywood film and multiple unplugged series.</p>
<p>Recently signed by Sony Music India on a 360 degree management contract, his last 2 romantic ballads ``Horn-blow`` and ``Backbone`` have been massive hits across borders. Backbone today stands as the first Punjabi music video to cross the 100 million views mark on YouTube. Also an extremely popular actor, hardy has featured in 2 young-gen urban punjabi movies ``Yaaran da katchup`` and ``Maahi NRI.``"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7801" bio_image_url="9045" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="HARSHAD CHAVAN" job_position="MD</br>TOAST EVENTS PVT. LTD." team_member_bio="The man behind game changing strategies of experiential marketing for luxury & lifestyle brands in India. in his 8 years of event/brand marketing career he has launched 150 iconic, international brands in the country. today his company is sought to be the one stop solution provider for cool, innovative & out of the box ideas while creating best practices for the 250 brands he works with. the brands carry his ideas world over."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7802" bio_image_url="7802" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="JAKE BEAUMONT-NESBITT" job_position="EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR</br>IMMF" team_member_bio="An organisation that brings together artist, and artist representative, associations from 50 countries, for networking, sharing, and discussions about trading conditions and opportunities for artists.</p>
<p>Jake focuses on structural concerns in the music industry including metadata issues, usage data opportunities, and B2B innovation. He has a background in financial markets, and has managed chart topping Dutch artists signed a UK band to a US indie label, and is helping rapper RaOol release independently in India. He manages a film, games, and TV composer. At Acme Rights Jake works as an IP adviser for a selection of artists and music copyrights, and is working on digital innovation projects to improve digital offers for artists and consumers."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7803" bio_image_url="9047" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="JASSIE GILL" job_position="SINGER & ACTOR" team_member_bio="Jasdeep Singh Gill, fondly known as Jassie Gill, is an Indian singer, actor, lyricist and performer of Punjabi origin. Born in Jandali Village near Khanna, Ludhiana in Punjab.Gill made his debut as a singer in the year 2011 with the album Batchmate. His debut album became an instant success and the hit song “Chudiyan” soared the charts. His recent performance in the movie Sargi as an actor has won him many accolades for his acting. He rose to fame in the year 2011 & has ever since been a youth icon. Gill is known for his infectious energy and spectacular performance. With his biggest hits like Bapu Zimidar, Nakhre, Snapchat and his latest hit Dill Tutda , he has captured the hearts of all."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7805" bio_image_url="9049" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="KAMAKSHI KHANNA" job_position="SINGER , SONGWRITER" team_member_bio="A Delhi Based Singer Songwriter who believes she is an old soul, Kamakshi Khanna is an effervescent voice who believes in bringing life experiences and stories through her songs. Kamakshi is a creator of raw, organic songs and tunes that emerge from an intricate mixture of her experiences and epiphanies in the middle of trips taken to quaint corners of the world. Think of a voice that goes through various styles, including but not limited to Rhythm and Blues, Soul, Pop and Ballads. Lyrically, her songs talk about her interactions and tiffs with life and the things that make her appreciate the present. From singing in Acapella choirs to featuring on reality TV Shows, she’s been there and done that. All of 24, her ability to delve and explore newer paths and collaborate with musicians of all walks of and stature set her apart in the next generation of music from India. From releasing an EP (Much Mellow) in 2015 to an album (Cakewalk) in 2017, Kamakshi’s ability to translate her thoughts and inspirations into words and music sets her apart."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7806" bio_image_url="9050" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="KEYA MADHVANI" job_position="HEAD OF MUSIC & LIFESTYLE PARTNERSHIP</br>TWITTER INDIA" team_member_bio="Keya Madhvani is the Head of Music & Lifestyle Partnerships at Twitter India. At Twitter, she is responsible for content acquisition, partner management and programming for music and lifestyle content on the platform. She also leads Women@Twitter in India.</p>
<p>Prior to Twitter, Keya worked at Acumen, an organisation that invests in companies providing goods and services to low-income people. Keya was based in New York and worked on special projects for the Founder and CEO. She’s also held roles building out media relations and digital storytelling at Acumen and the Clinton Global Initiative.</p>
<p>She has a B.A. in Economics from St. Xavier’s College in Mumbai and a M.Sc. in Global Governance and Diplomacy from St. Antony’s College, University of Oxford. She loves to travel and share her thoughts and photographs via her blog."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7807" bio_image_url="7807" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="KIRAN DCRUZ" job_position="HEAD OF BRAND PARTNERSHIPS & MUSIC LICENSING</br>SONY MUSIC ENT. INDIA" team_member_bio="He is the Head of Brand Partnerships and Music Licensing at Sony Music Entertainment. He is instrumental in building the Brand business for Sony Music in India and created new partnership opportunities between brands and artists. He also leads the Music Segmentation Research in India and has developed innovative digital strategies for clients in the music space.</p>
<p>Kiran has worked in the Broadcast and Radio industry over the last 21 years in various Sales and Business Head roles.<br />
He loves to travel and is passionate about cars and racing."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7808" bio_image_url="9052" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="LOY MENDONSA" job_position="MUSIC COMPOSER" team_member_bio="Not many know that Loy Mendonsa has composed and produced the title track for the show 'The World this Week' a show hosted by Dr. Prannoy RoyLOY has also composed and produced the title track for Shah Rukh Khan's TV show 'Fauji'. Loy – Is the part of the famous trio Shankar -Ehsaan – Loy, together they have had over 75 Number 1 songs spanning across their career."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7809" bio_image_url="9053" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MAHENDRA SONI" job_position="DIRECTOR & CO-FOUNDER</br>SVF ENTERTAINMENT" team_member_bio="Mahendra Soni, 43 years old, heads Films, Television, Distribution, Cinemas and Music businesses of SVF. Having produced over 105 Bengali films till date, 5 of them National Award winners and scores of them Filmfare, Centenary Award, YouTube’s Silver Button, Silver peacock and Golden Leopard awardees, he has made a mark for the company not just in Eastern India, but nationally too.</p>
<p>Under his leadership, SVF has distributed almost 900 films including blockbusters like ‘Dangal’, ‘Sultan’, ‘Dabangg’, ‘Ghajini’, ‘Revenant’, ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’, ‘Kahaani 2’, ‘MS Dhoni’, ‘Kaabil’, ‘The Jungle Book’, ‘Kapoor & Sons’, ‘Neerja’, ‘Airlift’, ‘Drishyam’, among many others.</p>
<p>On the Television front, Mahendra Soni has turned Music India, Sangeet Bangla and Sangeet Bhojpuri into leading Channels within their respective segments, with his understanding of the audience. Under his aegis, SVF has produced over 5000 hours of TV content – 10000 Episodes – with shows like ‘Potol Kumar Gaanwala’, ‘Bhutu’, ‘Mahanayak’, ‘Maa’, ‘Bojhena Shey Bojhena’ and ‘Goenda Ginni’ (airing/aired on Colors Bangla, Zee Bangla and Star Jalsha), becoming household names.</p>
<p>He is an active member of Eastern India Motion Pictures Association (EIMPA), Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF) and West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC).</p>
<p>Having developed strong relationships with all factions of the industry, Mahendra also drives satellite and music syndication deals, along with film acquisitions. He plays a key role in significant business associations for SVF, across all divisions."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7810" bio_image_url="9055" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MANDAR TAKUR" job_position="COO</br>TIMES MUSIC" team_member_bio="Mandar Thakur is COO of Times Music, one of India’s leading record labels and music publishers. Times Music is a division of India’s largest media conglomerate – The Times of India group. Mandar began his career in Hong Kong with The Entertainment Co. group working for their Asian concert promotion business in the early ‘90s, post which he helped set up the path breaking 24-hour music television station Channel `{`V`}` in India, and subsequently pioneered the digital music landscape in Asia, as part of the founding team at Soundbuzz, then Asia/India’s largest digital music distribution company, which got acquired by Motorola in early 2008."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7811" bio_image_url="9056" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MEETAL SHAH" job_position="DIRECTOR OF BRAND & COMMUNICATION</br>SAAVN" team_member_bio="Meetal Shah is the Director of Brand & Communications at Saavn. Spearheading seasoned marketing, social media and public relations specialists, she has been instrumental in further developing and building the company's brand image globally. Meetal has led the global brand vision whilst successfully creating and executing innovative and strategic campaigns, working with talent and liaising with major music labels and partners.</p>
<p>As the Former Commercial Head of Creative Industries, Entertainment & Sport for the British Government in India, Meetal has helped establish and strategize multiple British businesses’ successful entry into the Indian market valued at $150m. With a global mindset, she draws from her vast experience in international marketing and business development, in both, private and government sectors. During her time with the British Government in India she established The Exchange, one of India’s music business conferences. She has been part of several international symposiums and meets as both moderator and panelist, including talks on ‘Women in Music’ and ‘Market entry into India’."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7866" bio_image_url="9057" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MOHIT SURI" job_position="DIRECTOR" team_member_bio="Mohit Suri is an Indian film director, most known for his films, Kalyug (2005) and Awarapan (2007). He has directed 3 quasi-sequels Raaz - The Mystery Continues (2009), Murder 2 (2011), Aashiqui 2 (2013) and Ek Villain (2014), all of these proved to be commercial successes. Before venturing into film direction, Mohit worked as an office assistant for T-Series, and as an assistant director to Vikram Bhatt He started his career as an assistant director, and made his debut as a director with the 2005 film Zeher which was a moderate success. He followed it up with Kalyug, which was both a critical and commercial success. His third film Woh Lamhe (2006) did well and received critical acclaim."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9464" bio_image_url="9456" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MUKESH BHATT" job_position="CHAIRMAN</br>VISHESH FILMS" team_member_bio="Mukesh Bhatt started his career in 1970. He set up Vishesh Films in 1986. His 1st film as a producer was Jurm in 1990.</p>
<p>He has produced such as Aashiqui, Dil Hai Ki Maanta Nahin, Ghulam, Raaz, Jannat, Murder, Jannat 2, Raaz 2, Murder 2, Raaz 3, Aashiqui 2 and many more over the years and established himself as one of the most profitable producers in the industry.</p>
<p>He has won numerous Filmfare Awards and Star Guild Awards. He has been recognised by the Swiss government for putting their country on the global map by shooting various films there. He won the MixxMedia Cross Culture Award, presented by the government of Bulgaria."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7813" bio_image_url="9058" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="NEETA RAGOOWANSI" job_position="SVP, BD & LEGAL AFFAIRS/CO-FOUNDER</br>NPREX" team_member_bio="Neeta Ragoowansi is Co-Founder and Senior Vice-President, Business Development & Legal Affairs for USA based, NPREX (National Performing Rights Exchange), the first-ever online platform for direct licensing of music performance rights, between music copyright owners and music users (e.g. radio, TV, streaming services, etc.). Neeta has been an entertainment attorney and music business professional for over 25 years, and was head of artist-label relations/legal counsel for US digital performance rights society, SoundExchange; Women in Music’s President; TuneSat’s VP of Biz Dev/Legal; and The Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts and the National Symphony Orchestra’s Assistant General Counsel. Neeta is also a financial industry consultant re: music industry, and strategic advisor, business development resource and legal counsel to entertainment industry clients in her New York based law practice. Neeta serves on the boards of Women in Music and American Bar Association’s Forum on the Entertainment and Sports Industries; is an active member and former board member (over 10 years) of The Recording Academy (Grammy organization), New York chapter; has served as panelist/speaker at over 200 music industry conferences; has a B.A. from Emory University and J.D. from American University, and is an actively performing musician and award winning songwriter."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7868" bio_image_url="9059" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="NEHA KAKKAR" job_position="SINGER" team_member_bio="Neha Kakkar is a renowned Bollywood Playback Singer and Performer. She started her career as a contest in a famous reality show. At present, she is Judging The most watched Indian Show ``Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Lil Champs``. She's called a Hit Machine and has Super Hits like Kala Chashma, Kar Gayi Chull, Aaj Blue Hai Paani Paani, Manali Trance, Aao Raja, Mile Ho Tum Humko, Maahi Ve, Tu Cheez Badi Hai Mast, Main Tera Boyfriend, Oocnhi Hai Building to her credit and Many More. She has more than 20 Million followers on Facebook and Instagram together."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7815" bio_image_url="9060" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="NIRMIKA SINGH" job_position="EDITOR</br>ROLLING STONES" team_member_bio="Nirmika Singh is a renowned Mumbai-based music writer and critic. She currently holds the position of Executive Editor, Rolling Stone India, the Indian edition of the world's greatest music magazine. A dynamic media professional, Nirmika is one of the most respected voices in the music journalism in India and is also the youngest person to have this prestigious leadership role at Rolling Stone.</p>
<p>Apart from being a journalist, Nirmika is also an accomplished singer-songwriter, lyricist and stage performer. Her repertoire of music includes pop, folk and alternative rock. She has an EP titled Jhoothe as well as several collaborations to her credit. Currently she is also the face of the current Amazon Coolpad TV and digital campaign. She recently also represented India at the Midsommar Weekender gathering in Sweden hosted by Absolut for global influencers.</p>
<p>Nirmika has a decade-long experience in music reporting. She started her career with Indian Express in New Delhi and moved to Mumbai in 2011 to work with Hindustan Times. She has also contributed to publications such as Mid-Day and 48hours. Besides print, Nirmika has also worked extensively in the digital space and headed editorial teams at pop culture portal 101 India."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7870" bio_image_url="9061" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="NITIN ARORA" job_position="MD</br>KATALYST ENTERTAINMENT" team_member_bio="He started his career as an Anchor in year 1999 and today he is one of the leading anchors of the nation. He got his name registered in the Limca Book of Records for hosting 4000 shows in the shortest span of time. He cherishes all the events he has hosted till date, however, hosting for the opening and closing ceremony of Common Wealth games is closest to his heart.</p>
<p>Katalyst Entertainment Pvt Ltd, a brainchild of Nitin Arora was incorporated in 2007 with the vision to ideate and innovate on ideas that take entertainment trends to completely new level of freshness. In just about a decade, Katalyst Entertainment turned their fortunes and reputation of modest beginners around to becoming industry leaders. This success was achieved through their inimitable ability to go all out and design entertainment which is ‘too good to be true’, impeccable client servicing and of course meticulous execution.</p>
<p>Team Katalyst has been ideating, innovating and executing entertainment for all the leading weddings along with other significant large-scale events of India. With the majority of the top brass of society on their client list, they have been moving forward, setting new benchmarks and wow factors - year after year and event after event."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7871" bio_image_url="9062" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="NUCLEYA" job_position="MUSIC PRODUCER" team_member_bio="He started producing music way before he became a DJ, playing around and experimenting with a lot of abstract music at the age of 16 (1995), which is when he formed his first band called ‘Private Soch-alay’. It was renamed Bandish Projekt soon after. NUCLEYA started as a solo project in 2008. At that point, with absolutely no gigs in hand and a lot of spare time to spend in his studio, he found his sound. Soon after, he was dropping remixes after remixes of popular film music and introducing audiences to sounds that they had never heard before.</p>
<p>2013 saw the release of his first all original EP ‘Koocha Monster’ which he immediately followed up with ‘Koocha Monster Remix EP’ and cemented his name as the next big thing to happen to Indian electronic dance music. Over the past three years - since the release of his EP Koocha Monster – Nucleya has made his mark as an Indian dance music producer, producing anthems that are the soundtrack of a new Indian generation - frenetic, loud and unabashedly Indian. The Nucleya sound is now a genre in itself and has spawned the rise of producers making desi bass.</p>
<p>As a trailblazer of this movement, Nucleya’s role in developing the genre in India is no less significant than what Skrillex did for dubstep in the United States or how Diplo and Major Lazer introduced global bass into the mainstream. It’s no coincidence then that Nucleya has been chosen to open for international touring acts and bonafide bass stars like Skrillex, Major Lazer, Diplo, DJ Snake and Flux Pavilion in India.</p>
<p>Releases – Koocha Monster EP (2013) , Bass Rani (2015) , Raja Baja (2016)<br />
Recent Awards – Global Indian Music Academy (GiMA) Award for Best Electronica Single (2016)<br />
His newest album, ‘Raja Baja’ released in September 2016, at a historic event at NSCI Stadium, Mumbai, which was attended by 12,000+ fans. This was followed by a mammoth, pan-India 18-city album launch tour - the biggest-ever tour attempted by an independent artist in India. With this tour he reached out to his fans in not just the metro cities of India but also tier 2 and tier 3 cities and reached out to a combined total of almost 200,000 fans."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7872" bio_image_url="9063" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PAPON" job_position="SINGER / MUSIC COMPOSER" team_member_bio="Angaraag Mahanta, popularly known as Papon, is a singer, multi-instrumentalist, composer and record producer. Blessed with a voice that’s smooth and soulful at the same time, his innovative experiments are rich with ambient electronica, acoustic folk, electro ghazals to classical sounds. In Bollywood, Papon’s rise to fame was with the songs like ‘Moh Moh Ke Dhage’ Dum Laga Ke Haisha, ‘Kyon’ from Barfi ,‘Jiyein Kyun’ from the movie Dum Maro Dum, and his most recent Bollywood venture was ‘Labon Ka Karobar’ for the movie Befikre. Apart from these, he has sung some popular numbers such as ‘Bulleya’ (Sultan), ‘Humnava’ (Hamari Adhuri Kahani), ‘Lakeerein’, which is a poem by Gulzar, (Kya Dilli Kya Lahore) and ‘Sun Ri Bavli’ (Lakshmi) among others.</p>
<p>Although his first language is Assamese, he also sings in Hindi, Punjabi, Marathi, Tamil, Bengali, and Gujarati. To the known and unknown, Papon has been a significant part of all the seasons of Coke Studio India and he has co-composed songs like ‘Har Ek Baat’ and ‘Naina Laagey’ with pioneering producers Midival Punditz. He has also collaborated with renowned composer-multi instrumentalist Karsh Kale on the track ‘Absence’ for Karsh Kale’s fifth studio album. In addition, he has also joined forces with percussionist Bickram Ghosh and rising Scottish singer-songwriter Rachel Sermanni, over a project called Troikala rooted in contemporary folk and an initiative of The British Council, India. Papon is one of the pioneers of Indian main steream Indipendent Music and formed his band Papon &amp; The East India Company in 2007 (although it is now rebranded as PAPON Live for his live performances).</p>
<p>Awarded as the Best Male Playback Singer at Star Screen Awards, Mirchi Music Awards, TOIFA, GIMA, IIFA-Madrid in 2016, Papon was also nominated for Best Male Playback Singer at the FILMFARE Awards and Zee Cine Awards in 2016. Papon has received two awards at the JD Rock Awards, 2013 -Best Male Vocalist and Best Song for the feisty folk track ‘Boitha Maro Re’ from his acclaimed debut Hindi album ‘The Story So Far' (January 2012) and he bagged the GIMA Awards in the Best Pop Album category in the same year as well. In Oct 2016 Papon launched his 2nd Hindi album “The Story Now”. His most recent release is an Assamese album- Notun Puhor (June 2017) which is in addition to his earlier two Assamese original albums and five Assamese Folk albums released by him till date. He is the man behind creating the anthem for the debut edition of Namami Brahmaputra, billed as the biggest river festival of India which celebrated Assam’s art, heritage and culture (31 March to 4 April’17).</p>
<p>Papon loves to Travel. He is a mountain person and goes for trekking in the Himalayas whenever time permits."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7873" bio_image_url="9064" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PARAMDEEP SINGH" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN</br>SAAVN" team_member_bio="He has played a crucial role in driving the rapid growth of the business, recruiting key talent to the team, and acquiring major assets that have become the building blocks of the company. Param oversees all content acquisition, original content development and business development, and works with the Indian government on matters including piracy, copyright and publishing. Param has been instrumental in sourcing and developing key strategic partnerships with all the major and independent record labels, as well as telecom operators and smartphone OEMs.</p>
<p>Param is a serial entrepreneur with experience in ventures across numerous verticals, including Music, Media and Technology, Retail, Real Estate and Hospitality. He graduated from the College of Arts & Sciences at Tufts University with degrees in International Relations, Economics and Entrepreneurship."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7874" bio_image_url="9065" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PAUL BRINDLEY" job_position="CO-FOUNDER</BR>MUSICALLY" team_member_bio="Paul Brindley is the co-founder and CEO of Music Ally and Ally. Paul has a background as a musician, having played bass guitar with The Sundays, an indie band who sold over two million albums worldwide. Alongside the band he also worked in the private office of Rt Tony Blair MP in the run up to the 197 General Election and for the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR) think-tank where he wrote New Musical Entrepreneurs, a report into the impact of new technologies on the UK music industry published in 2000. After co-founding Music Ally in 2002, the company has gone on to become an established service provider to the global music industry. Music Ally offers digital marketing services, training, events, innovation and consultancy services alongside its industry-leading subscription business information publication."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7877" bio_image_url="9068" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PRASHANT PANDAY" job_position="MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO</BR>RADIO MIRCHI" team_member_bio="Forty five years of age, Mr. Prashant Panday is an Engineering graduate in Electronics & Communications, and has done his PGDM from IIM Bangalore (1990).</p>
<p>Mr. Panday is the Managing Director & CEO of the Company. He has been associated with the Company since August 2000 and has played a key role in bringing in the radio revolution in India. Over the last 14 years, he has been able to take Radio Mirchi to an enviable position with revenues of Rs. 385 crores and a PAT of Rs. 84 crores in the 2013-14. He leads a team of about 800 professionals in the Company.</p>
<p>Mr. Panday has total experience of 24 years in industries ranging from Advertising, Banking, FMCG & Media. Prior to joining the Company, he has worked with Citibank, Pepsi, HUL, Mudra, Modi Revlon. His areas of strength include Marketing & Sales, Analytics & Strategy and People Management. He also served as a member of the Ministry of I&B's committee on fighting Piracy. He is a speaker at various industry forums."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7878" bio_image_url="9069" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PRIYA DEWAN" job_position="DIRECTOR, ASIA | FOUNDER, THE ORCHARD | FEEDBACK ASIA AND GIG LIFE ASIA" team_member_bio="Priya Dewan started Feedback Asia in 2012 after spending 10 years working in the Western music industry. Priya, an Indian citizen born in the Philippines and raised in Singapore, moved to the United States to study in Boston and work in New York. Dewan served as North American Label Manager for UK-based label Warp Records, working with artists Grizzly Bear, Broadast, Battles, Flying Lotus, Aphex Twin, Brian Eno and my others. Notably, Priya has served as an active member and Board Member of the American Association of Independent Music (A2IM), has been featured in Billboard Magazine’s “Top 30 Movers and Shakers Under 30”.</p>
<p>With Asia remaining a strong influence and inspiration in her life, Priya looks to her past experience and strong relationship with artists, managers, labels, publishers and other music industry professionals from the Western Markets, combined with her knowledge and relationships developed over the lat 5+ years back in Asia, to produce a more proactive approach to how artists of all genres can properly develop in these Asian markets.</p>
<p>Priya is also the Director, Asia of The Orchard, the largest distributor of independent digital content globally and a subsidiary of Sony Music, expanding the companies reach in Asia by doing major content deals with Taihe Music Group in China and signing artists like K-Pop phenomenon BTS, amongst others. She also launched Gig Life Asia - an online portal for discovering hundreds of music festivals and concerts in Asia and an insider’s guide of how to navigate those cities. Gig Life Asia has recently started to offer travel packages to festivals like Wonderfruit Festival Thailand and Ultra Singapore and will be launching Bestival Bali and Clockenflap HK packages soon (this will be live by the time this runs)."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7879" bio_image_url="9070" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PRIYANKA KHIMANI" job_position="FOUNDER & PARTNER</BR>ANAND & ANAND & KHIMANI" team_member_bio="Priyanka Khimani, Founder-Partner, Anand & Anand & Khimani, India’s leading Intellectual Property and Entertainment law firm.</p>
<p>Priyanka is highly regarded for her illustrious client list of musicians, singers and lyricists, and is often sought after as the go-to lawyer for all things music. From grasping complex copyright issues to structuring contracts, from intellectual property disputes to understanding your right to royalty, she and her team seem to have done it all!"][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7880" bio_image_url="9071" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RAFTAAR" job_position="COMPOSER, LYRICIST &amp; RAPPER" team_member_bio="A lyricist, composer, rapper and dancer, RAFTAAR is a multi-faceted global entertainer who has garnered a loyal following in a short span of time and is considered as a youth icon for the millennial generation.</p>
<p>From starting his journey as an avid dancer and performing at one of country's biggest dance shows DID (Dance India Dance) RAFTAAR had started his journey as Max. From giving his fair share of contributions to dance he still wanted to pursue his long-term dream which was music and had started writing and composing raps in local regional languages including Hindi, Punjabi and Haryanvi. His talent was soon caught an eye by the famous punjabi urban music producers then known as RDB. Swag Mera Desi his debut single on Mtv Spoken Word with Manj Musik went viral and finally gave him a mainstream recognition. Soon after Bollywood welcomed him with arms wide open and he graced us with hits like Tamanche Pe Disco, Whistle Baja, Toh Dishoom, Marr Gaye and the very famous Dhakkad (Dangal) which gave him country wide recognition as it was welcomed in many regional languages.</p>
<p>Awards like:</p>
<p>Indian of the year 2017<br />
Shaheed-E-Azam Bhagat Singh National Sadbhawna Award 2017<br />
Only showcase his talent across various contributions in the field of Music. Always in pursuit of making new music and surprising his fans, Raftaar has made independent music a brand in its own in India."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7827" bio_image_url="9072" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RAGHU DIXIT" job_position="SINGER, SONGWRITER, MUSIC COMPOSER" team_member_bio="Often hailed as India’s biggest cultural and musical export, Raghu Dixit’s unique brand of infectious, happy music transcends age, genre, and even language. His music is strongly rooted in Indian traditions and culture and is presented with a very contemporary, global sound.</p>
<p>A unique, energetic, musical experience, 'The Raghu Dixit Project' is one of the most sought-after bands in India at the moment. Having played across the length and breadth of the country, the band now features prominently and quite regularly on some of the biggest music festivals around the world.</p>
<p>Raghu Dixit, and The Raghu Dixit Project, are best known for taking ancient Kannada poetry, and presenting it around the world with a contemporary, global sound. From their colourful lungis, a take on their cultural heritage, to their rooted and earthy sound, they have become a stellar example of modern India.</p>
<p>Raghu's music truly transcends age and genre, having played concerts with over 100,000 people in Karnataka, being featured on some of the biggest music based shows in the world including BBC's ``Later .. with Jools Holland``, and festivals like Glastonbury.</p>
<p>Over the last 5 years, the band has been a regular feature at venues around the world, most notably their last International tour that spanned 6 countries and over 30 venues of the likes of the Sydney Opera House.</p>
<p>In India, The Raghu Dixit Project performs at music festivals, music venues, corporate shows, college festivals and private events."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9466" bio_image_url="9458" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RAJAT KAKKAR" job_position="MANAGING DIRECTOR</br>SONY DADC INDIA" team_member_bio="Rajat is a veteran Sales & Distribution specialist. He shaped his career in Companies such as Asian Paints and Procter & Gamble before moving into the Entertainment Industry in 1996 as part of the ‘Dream Team’ that launched Sony Music in India. As Director Sales, Rajat put in place systems and processes that not only catapulted Music Albums released from the Company into overnight ‘Chartbusters’, but also set benchmarks which remain Gold Standards for the Industry till date. He was then picked up by Universal Music, to head its Indian Subsidiary as the Managing Director in 2003. As a young 40 year old MD, Rajat transformed the loss making entity very quickly into a profitable unit with market share leadership in key categories. He introduced many International Artistes to stupendous success in the Indian Market and helped open up the International Touring business in India. He led the Company to ride the digital revolution and drive cutting edge innovations. Rajat was brought back by Sony in a role that consolidated Music, Movies and Games distribution in the Indian market. He quickly expanded the mandate to include Global Entertainment giants such as Sony, Warner, and Disney alongside Saregama and Zee Music to name a few to create India’s largest Physical Distribution entity under Sony DADC. This model is now being replicated in China and the European market with guidance from him."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7883" bio_image_url="9074" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RALPH SIMON" job_position="FOUNDER & CEO</br>MOBILIUM GLOBAL LIMITED" team_member_bio="Ralph Simon is one of the founders of the global mobile music & entertainment & social media industry, and well known as a visionary & innovator, & popularly called the ``father of the ring tone”. He founded major media companies & the world's 1st international commercial ring tone service in the Americas, UK, EU & Africa. Among the world's top mobile executives since 2005, he searches, invests & advises on latest mobile music innovation & political impact for companies & “Screenagers” world-wide. His Mobilium Global & Laurel Strategies companies know mobile social media, the creative & music industries, mobile AR/VR, ‘disruption’ & innovation. He recognised years ago that the future belongs to “Screenagers” everywhere on multi-screens & smartphones. He is currently developing ground-breaking VR & Mixed Reality programming for music artists and advises a range of well-known artists on their global social media strategy.</p>
<p>A popular & provocative moderator & interviewer, he curates some of the world’s top music gatherings: Asia-Pacific's ``All That Matters`` & the UN’s World Summit Awards. He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in the UK, & he’s based in London, or on a plane to where mobile discovery, development & investment calls. He is well-known and popular in India where he is often invited to speak on the latest trends in music, entertainment and social media. He says India is his spiritual home and one day, he promises he will relocate to live in Mumbai, which he loves visiting."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7885" bio_image_url="9076" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ROBERT SCHWARTZ" job_position="EXECUTIVE PRODUCER BERNARD AND HUEY" team_member_bio="Rob Schwartz is a journalist and entrepreneur as well as music and film<br />
producer who has been active in the entertainment scenes in Japan and the<br />
US for more than 20 years.<br />
Rob’s writing and photography have appeared in many international<br />
publications, including Time, Newsweek, Melody Maker, NME, Variety,<br />
and The Hollywood Reporter. He is the Asia Bureau Chief of Billboard<br />
magazine, reporting on the music industries throughout Asia. Rob has held<br />
the position for 9 years.In 2002 Rob was appointed Executive Director of the Tokyo-based electro and breakbeat imprint Play Label. The label released original work by DJ<br />
Spooky and the legendary reggae duo Sly & Robbie. In 2005 he founded<br />
the rock-electro crossover label Dynastic Records The outfit produced original music and<br />
released one of the first charity CDs in history of Japanese indie music. In 2010 Rob was the Executive Producer for the US feature film Putty Hill.  It won a host of awards and the New Yorker magazine chose one of its Top Ten for 2011. Rob is currently an Executive Producer of the US feature film Bernard and Huey, which is being directed by indie legend Dan Mirvish (co-founder of the Slamdance film festival) with a screenplay by Pulitzer prize/Oscar winner Jules Feiffer. It stars Oscar-winner Jim Rash The work is in<br />
postproduction and should be submitted to film festivals soon. Rob has appeared on the film criticism TV show J Flicks, which airs on the network NHK World, as well as international channels BBC World, CNN and MNET TV discussing the entertainment business in Asia. Rob develops and invests in companies and currently has 2 active entertainment ventures in Japan and one in China."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7886" bio_image_url="9077" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ROSHAN ABBAS" job_position="MD</br>GEOMETRY GLOBAL ENCOMPASS" team_member_bio="Roshan Abbas has spent two decades gathering domain expertise in radio, television, theatre, events and BTL and entered Bollywood with his directorial debut under the banner of Shahrukh Khan’s Red Chillies Production.</p>
<p>He is a reputed television and radio anchor having won 7 national awards (for Family Fortunes, Public demand, Livewire, Khanak, Junior Janaab, Toofan Mail etc.). Known for his insatiable appetite to learn and innovate, Roshan entered the event management and communication arena, driven by the desire to provide an all-encompassing service to clients. And thus, Encompass Events was born. As Managing Director, he led the agency with passion and creativity, becoming one of India’s best experiential marketing companies, with service offerings spanning across events, BTL and content creation. Roshan is also currently a mentor partner at Glitch, which is amongst India’s top independent digital agencies.</p>
<p>In 2015, Roshan along with Gaurav Kapur and Ankur Tewari co-founded a start-up called Kommune. Kommune is a collective of artists, collaborators, producers, patrons and art lovers who want to discover and create great art. The aim is to find, seed and nurture creative performance art ideas, helping them find a place in the world and a captive audience. In just over a year Kommune captained projects on storytelling, poetry and theatre. Hosted 2 seasons of “The Storytellers” on Amazon Prime Video, given a platform to discover and nurture a new breed of Spoken Word Artists from across India and done close to 100 shows for corporates and colleges nationally.</p>
<p>Having held 7 different careers from theatre, film, TV, radio, songwriter, he has successfully traversed the change from MC to MD. Roshan is now a media entrepreneur and an angel investor in the media and technology space. He is passionate about and regularly conducts workshops on radio, mass communication and events."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7887" bio_image_url="9078" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SABBAS JOSEPH" job_position="DIRECTOR</br>WIZCRAFT ENTERTAINEMENT INTERNATIONAL" team_member_bio="Founder-director of Wizcraft International Entertainment, India’s premiere Experiential Marketing and Event Management company along with his partners Andre Timmins and Viraf Sarkari, Sabbas Joseph is considered as one of the founding fathers of the Rs. 5000 cr. event management business in India.</p>
<p>A master’s degree holder in political science from St. Xavier’s College, Mumbai; Wiz Sabbas spent almost a decade as a journalist holding editorial positions across some of the country’s leading publications.</p>
<p>As founder-director of Wizcraft International Entertainment, over the past 25 years Wiz Sabbas Joseph has spearheaded and managed several events for the company which included some of the best events that India has witnessed in the past two decades.</p>
<p>These include, the 50 years of Indian Independence celebrations, The Michael Jackson concert, The Indian Millennium celebrations, ceremonies for The New Delhi Commonwealth Games, the CWG handover ceremony in Melbourne, the first Afro Asian games, Independence Day celebrations in Kargil, 30 years of Mauritian Independence, visits by US Presidents, George Bush, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama amongst several others.</p>
<p>Wizcraft are the promoters and producers of the International Indian Film Academy and the IIFA Awards, which are held at exotic locations across the world, for the promotion of Indian cinema. The IIFAs are widely considered as the world’s largest event featuring Indian entertainment.</p>
<p>Wizcraft has been a part of some of the most successful international brand launches in the country and India visits of leading international dignitaries have been handled by the company.</p>
<p>Sabbas Joseph is a faculty-member and guest lecturer at leading management and communication institutes in the country and is today recognized as a leading thinker in the field of unconventional media. He is also an active member of the entertainment committees of FICCI and CII and Event Management Association of India, etc.</p>
<p>Wiz Joseph was elected President of the Event & Entertainment Management Association (EEMA), India’s apex body for the industry. His pioneering role has ensured a distinct momentum that reflects thought, leadership as well as proactive action that the Indian event industry is now being recognized for."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7888" bio_image_url="9079" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SAHITH SETHURAMAN" job_position="BRAND MANAGER</br>BACARDI TRADE MARK INDIA & SOUTH EAST ASIA" team_member_bio="Sahith Sethuraman is one of the core members behind India’s happiest music festival Bacardi Nh7 Weekender. Having traveled across the world catching some of the hottest live artists, he believe that music knows no boundaries. His earliest music influences in music were Elvis Presley, BB king and Eric Clapton.</p>
<p>With over 20 editions of Bacardi Nh7 Weekender under his belt and his global exposure to live music he brings with him a unique perspective of marketing within the realm of music."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7889" bio_image_url="9080" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SAMIR BANGARA" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & MD</br>QYUKI DIGITAL MEDIA" team_member_bio="Samir Bangara is the Co-Founder & Managing Director of Qyuki, a creator focused multi-platform media company with a digital DNA that he co-founded with Shekhar Kapur and AR Rahman He is the Former Managing Director (Digital) of DisneyUTV and has about two decades of extensive experience in the media and technology industries. Before the acquisition by Disney, Samir was the Chief Operating Officer of Indiagames Ltd. He started his career in venture capital followed by a long stint as an investment banker.</p>
<p>Samir has been listed amongst the top 15 angel investors in India - 2013 by VC Circle, is the Founding Co-chair of h2 (h2.co) and a mentor/investor at GSF (Global SuperangelsForum). He is a motor head and is passionate about racing, super bikes and cars."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7890" bio_image_url="9081" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SANDEEP BANSAL" job_position="FOUNDER</br>9X TASHAN" team_member_bio="With a quarter century worth of experience in the Media, Entertainment and Broadcasting Industry, Sandeep Bansal is among the pioneers in the evolution of Cable & Satellite Business, who has witnessed the industry growth from the roots. Founder of Divya and 9X Tashan, Sandeep intially worked as a one-man army, handling everything from production and distribution to legals for the setting up of the channels. He is also one of the early cable/satellite distributors in India and a 34% stake holder of INX Music since 2011. Sandeep has worked at different levels and positions; contributing to his growth as a business leader across multi-systems."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7891" bio_image_url="9082" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SANJAY CHABBARIA" job_position="MD</br>EVEREST ENTERTAINMENT" team_member_bio="Everest Entertainment is an expansive broad based situate, providing media and entertainment deliverables across the world for Marathi Cinema. Everest Entertainment not only produces and commissions Marathi films, but also distributes and showcases films globally across all formats: Cinema, Home Entertainment, Television and New Media. Actively involved right from the storyboard and script narration stage to devising marketing strategies for film releases, tie ups and co-productions, Everest has earned something of a reputation of being a bankable production with record breaking hits such as ‘Mee Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy’, ‘'Shikshanachya Aaicha Gho’, Moraya', 'Tukaram', 'Aajcha Divas Majha', 'Coffee Ani Barach Kahi' & 'Mumbai Pune Mumbai 2' to name a few. Another mien Everest looks into is content acquisition across film and music of various renowned titles and tracks. Fast gaining viewership with its exclusive Youtube channel Everest Talkies, Everest has a steady finger on the pulse of the latest curve in the business model for a successful implementation vertical. The expanse of its coverage and depth into the subject is also reflected in the fact that Everest has already build an impressive film library with over 200 titles, categorically establishing it as one of the prime content owners in the business so far. Today, with the right mix of resources and expertise to offer, Everest is geared, focused and energy abound to the mission of delivering entertainment deliverables through tapped and yet to be tapped mediums, in its relentless pursuit of finding originality and innovation in the way world class stories are recounted in narration and presentation with each secular fable."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7892" bio_image_url="9083" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SATVINDER SINGH KOHLI" job_position="FOUNDER</br>SPEED RECORDS" team_member_bio="Satvinder Singh Kohli is responsible for handling Marketing and publishing for the Group. He has always been the front man in bringing the newer ideas to the frame with live events & promotional events being added as the focused area to promote artists as well as the promotional events culture in the region. The group has lately, developed live event properties, which have gained popularity in northern India.Speed Records now is the proud owner of three intellectual properties named as Crossblade Music Festival, Lager n Barrel Festival & Just Comedy following few more newer properties in the future.Property building has been a prime focus. Digitization of Music being one of his main areas in limelight, Speed Records has now become the No. 1 Punjabi channel on You tube with widespread listeners all across the globe."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7893" bio_image_url="9084" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SAUGATO BHOWMIK" job_position="BUSINESS HEAD - INTEGRATED NETWORK SOLUTIONS & CONSUMER PRODUCTS</br>VIACOM 18 MEDIA PVT LTD" team_member_bio="With over 12 years across the entire gamut of Sales and Marketing in the FMCG industry, Saugato brings unmatched brands and shopper expertise to his role as the Head of the Consumer Products business of Viacom18 Media Pvt Ltd. His efforts have resulted in the expansion of the organization's ability to extend and monetize its several brand properties through sustainable, profitable and consumer-centric merchandise partnerships. Recently Saugato was appointed as Head of the Integrated Network Solutions (INS) Business Unit which is instrumental in developing brand solutions for consumers and live properties across music and entertainment genres.</p>
<p>Starting his career at Dabur India and then following it up with HUL in a Sales Leadership & Customer Development role for Unilever's Home and Personal Care business, he subsequently led two of the largest Fabric Cleaning brands of HUL, Wheel and Rin Advanced. Post this assignment; he led global product innovation and Equity Development across Fabric Cleaning and Oral Care categories both in India and Singapore. In his most recent assignment as the Global Channel Director for Traditional Trade Channels, he led the creation of shopper & customer strategy for the Traditional Trade business across all leading markets of Unilever.</p>
<p>Saugato grew up and was schooled in Delhi at Don Bosco School. He graduated in Economics from Sri Venkateswara College, Delhi University and completed his MBA with a specialization in Marketing from IMT, Ghaziabad in 2002.</p>
<p>A complete extrovert, Saugato's greatest passion is travel, followed by the experiences that come with it - music, reading and food. In fact, he wishes to visit and experience most countries across all the continents. Next on his wish list is also a solo sky diver certification."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7894" bio_image_url="9085" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SAURABH DOSHI" job_position="HEAD - MEDIA PARTNERSHIPS (INDIA)</BR>FACEBOOK" team_member_bio="Saurabh leads Media / Content Partnership team and plays a key role in strategic relationship with key organizations and public celebrities across News, Sports, and Entertainment across the Indian subcontinent. Since joining Facebook in 2014, Saurabh ramped up the partnerships team pan India with core focus on connecting people to the content and creators that best inform and entertain them on Facebook, Instagram & Facebook Messenger. The team works closely with content companies and creators on leveraging the various Facebook platforms to maximize their specific objectives & increasing engagement and distribution. In addition, Saurabh’s role is to evangelize new products for the market and rollout to partners for better engagement & user experience. Videos, Instant Articles and FB LIVE have seen mass adoption by publishers and celebrities leading to great and authentic user experiences.</p>
<p>Saurabh is a Chartered Accountant and MBA by profession and has 15+ years of industry experience. Prior to Facebook, he was heading New Media & Video Monetization at Viacom18/Network18 Group, has worked with Star India (Platform Partnerships), Reliance Big Entertainment (Strategy, BD & Content Partnerships including for DTH/IPTV) and Investment Banking with Bank of America."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7896" bio_image_url="9087" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SHADAB RAYEEN" job_position="SOUND ENGINEER" team_member_bio="Shadab Rayeen is an award-winning Sound Engineer with over 17 years of experience in the music industry. His work ranges right from mixing Bollywood to International projects. He has painted the multi genre landscape with his aural brush working with some of music industry's biggest names; Pritam, Amit Trivedi, Vishal-Shekhar, to name a few. Setting up a different standard of Mixing and Mastering, he continues to receive appreciation from the music industries creme da la creme.</p>
<p>Apart from mixing Bollywood songs, he has worked extensively in multiple languages with various composers from the likes of Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malyalam, Bengali, to name a few.</p>
<p>When not in the studio, Shadab tours with multiple artists as an FOH engineer, setting up a new standard in the live industry as well."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7898" bio_image_url="9089" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SHIRLEY SETIA" job_position="SINGER, DIGITAL STAR" team_member_bio="She is considered has the current ``Digital Star`` of the country wherein she found her niche in music and has received support from millions around the World. She started with Bollywood covers on YouTube 3 years ago whilst in New Zealand sitting in her Pajamas and singing to a webcam and independently built a subscriber base of over a million on YouTube alone. She moved to India to pursue a career in a more deeper sense in Music and in 8 months she's launched her debut single - Koi Shor got her 1st Bollywood Playback in the movie A Gentleman with the song Disco Disco and has performed live with her act - Shirley Setia Live at over 60 events in under 6 months. She's delivered successful branded campaigns for Twitter, Apple, Bose, Maybelline, Lakme, Ola, Tinder, etc to name a few in just 6 months. Just a few months into the Industry, Shirley's achieving and setting some of the greatest benchmarks in the field of Live Events, Ticket Sales, Branded Content and Music Releases."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7899" bio_image_url="9090" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SHREYAS SRINIVASAN" job_position="‎FOUNDER & CEO</br>INSIDER.IN" team_member_bio="Shreyas Srinivasan joined Only Much Louder (OML) in April 2010 and founded OML’s digital business. He has since been instrumental increating and launching Insider.in and NH7.in.</p>
<p>Before OML, he was the co-founder of RadioVeRVe, one of India’s first internet radio stations dedicated to promoting independent music. He is a well-known open source developer and speaks extensively on open source and related technologies."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7900" bio_image_url="9091" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SHRIDHAR SUBRAMANIAM" job_position="PRESIDENT </br>SONY MUSIC INDIA & MIDDLE EAST" team_member_bio="Shridhar Subramaniam joined Sony Music India since its inception in 1996 and has been instrumental in driving the Company to achieve market leader status in India. Under his leadership, Sony Music is now a major player in International Music, Hindi Soundtracks, Regional language music, has a strong roster of Pop artists and has acquired a number of catalogues. Currently, Shridhar Subramaniam is President - Sony Music India & Middle East.</p>
<p>Shridhar enjoys being challenged and has undertaken a number of roles in his extensive career of 20 plus years. Being a graduate from Sydenham College of Commerce & Economics, he moved to the USA to pursue his MBA from Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland. He returned India to join Titan in 1988 and worked with them for 8 years where he was involved in Titan’s entry into the youth market with Fastrack, Timex’s entry into India and also a key person behind getting the brand to its leadership position in India. He went on to become General Manager Marketing - Titan International based in London and was assigned the key role of defining and managing product development and all aspects of marketing for Titans entry into the European market. He has held a variety of additional roles at Sony including being the MD of Sony Music Thailand, working with Sony Pictures in local language film production and was made President of India and the Middle East in 2010. He is the now the Chairman of the Indian Music Industry and of Public Performance Limited; Industry bodies that comprise of over 100 record companies in India."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7901" bio_image_url="9092" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SHUBHA MUDGAL" job_position="SINGER" team_member_bio="Born into a musically dedicated family, Shubha Mudgal has been trained by some of the finest musicians and musicologists in India. Trained by eminent scholar-musician-composer Pandit Ramashreya Jha ``Ramrang``, she also received guidance from Pandit Vinaya Chandra Maudgalya and Pandit Vasant Thakar. She later learnt stylistic techniques from well-known maestros Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki and Pandit Kumar Gandharva. She also received training in thumri from Smt. Naina Devi and is thus a versatile and popular performer.</p>
<p>In addition to being a performer, Shubha has also won recognition as a composer. She is the recipient of numerous awards including the Padma Shri from the Government of India in the year 2000, and the Gold Plaque Award for Special Achievement in Music at the 34th Chicago International Film Festival, 1998, and the Yash Bharati Samman from the Government of Uttar Pradesh in 2015.</p>
<p>She has also been closely involved with several projects related to music education in India. Formerly a member of the Central Advisory Board of Education constituted by the Government of India, Shubha also chaired a focus group discussing the need for introducing an arts education program in mainstream school education during the National Curriculum Framework 2005. Shubha Mudgal was also a Nana Shirgaokar Visiting Research Professor for traditional music at Goa University.</p>
<p>Shubha Mudgal has also been actively involved in efforts to strengthen artiste's rights. Along with tabla player Aneesh Pradhan, Shubha Mudgal has established an online distribution platform for musicians specialising in diverse forms of Indian music through their website www.UnderscoreRecords.com.</p>
<p>Among the many projects they have initiated in their efforts to preserve the rich musical heritage of India is www.SangeetKosh.net , an online encyclopedia of Indian Music.</p>
<p>A dedicated teacher, eager student and acclaimed performer who tours extensively for concerts and assignments in India and abroad, Shubha Mudgal also writes regularly about Indian music."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7902" bio_image_url="9093" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SIDDHARTH ROY" job_position="COO</br>HUNGAMA DIGITAL MEDIA ENTERTAINMENT PVT. LTD" team_member_bio="Siddhartha Roy is the Chief Executive Officer of Hungama.com. Hungama is India’s largest digital media entertainment company and runs successful services - Hungama Music & Hungama Play across music, video and movies catering to the world’s fastest growing mobile market, India and South Asians in over 70 countries worldwide. Hungama has over 67mn monthly active users across its consumer destinations. The company has partnerships with over 400 content creators, record labels, studios, broadcasters and game publishers on a worldwide basis for digital and mobile content.</p>
<p>Under Siddhartha’s guidance, Hungama set up a one of its kind consumer venture in digital entertainment. Siddhartha has led Hungama’s consumer and business initiatives including the launch of Hungama Music – the music streaming service and Hungama Play – the video on demand offering. Siddhartha also leads the largest independent artist platform, ArtistAloud where over 500 independent artists get a chance to showcase their creativity in content that gets distributed widely.</p>
<p>Siddhartha has previously been responsible for spearheading the Hungama Mobile business. His key responsibilities included strengthening the digital marketing initiatives for the company, providing their expanding client base with quality, innovative content and marketing solutions.</p>
<p>Siddhartha was the erstwhile COO & co- founder of BigAdda, India’s largest youth network, a part of the Reliance ADA Group. Prior to Bigadda.com, he has worked with MTV Networks and Star TV, India. He has over 15 years of experience in new media communications"][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7903" bio_image_url="9094" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SOUMINI SRIDHARA PAUL" job_position="VICE PRESIDENT</br>ARTIST ALOUD" team_member_bio="Soumini Sridhara Paul is Vice President of the Talent and Independent content platform, Artist Aloud (Hungama Digital Media Ent. Pvt. Ltd.). Launched in January 2010, Soumini has spearheaded the set up of Artist Aloud, South Asia’s premier digital platform for established and new talent with independent audio and video content along with a dedicated team.</p>
<p>She also recently took on the role of Head of Operations and Content Programming for YouTube for Hungama and Special Content Creation and Event IP projects for Hungama. One of her pet projects is the channel she is building along with a wonderful team for Hungama Kids creating content which is age appropriate, entertaining and educational.</p>
<p>She has over 20 years experience as a Pop Artist, Artist Manager as well as assignments with Channel `{`V`}` including Bollywood, Independent and International talent and Universal Music including album launches and promotions and artist relations.</p>
<p>As a hobby, Soumini has been dabbling into writing for the last 5 years and Disha The Challenge is her first ever-published work through Partridge. She started her artistic stint as a singer almost 20 years back but chose to work in other aspects of the industry to build something that would chance the face of Talent and Independent Content Space."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7904" bio_image_url="9095" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SPEK (HUSSAIN ``SPEK`` YOOSUF)" job_position="SVP OF CREATIVE AND A&R</br>RESERVOIR MEDIA MANAGEMENT" team_member_bio="As SVP of Creative and A&R at Reservoir, Spek oversees the company’s Creative activity throughout the U.S. His extensive experience as a songwriter and executive overseas allows him to act as a bridge between the company’s New York and London Creative teams, supporting newly signed acts in either location with opportunities for cross-territory collaboration.</p>
<p>Spek began his career as a successful songwriter, recording artist, and producer in his native Canada, and is a former member of pioneering Canadian hip-hop group Dream Warriors, a group that sold over 1 million records worldwide and racked up Top 20 hits in Canada, the UK, and across Europe. In the late ’90’s, Spek relocated to London, where he toured extensively as a member of the multi-million selling jazz-rap crew Us3 and collaborated with Reservoir songwriter Nitin Sawhney on the Mercury Prize-nominated and South Bank Award-winning album, Beyond Skin. As a solo artist, Spek released his album Don’t Sweat The Small Stuff in 2001 to rave reviews and in 2016, he formed a new band, Voo Doo Kids, and committed to putting out one song independently every month.</p>
<p>In 2005, Spek was appointed UK & European Representative by Olé Media Management, sourcing acquisitions and new business opportunities for the Canadian music publisher out of London. In 2007, Spek relocated to the Middle East where he founded and launched PopArabia, a company that remains the leading music rights company in the Middle East, and represents Sony/ATV-EMI, Peermusic, Warner Chappell, Kobalt, and others across the region, based out of Abu Dhabi. Spek has been a music supervisor on numerous international feature films and documentaries. He is the Founder and Chair of the Middle East Music Publishers Association (MEMPA), a member of the New York Chapter of the Grammy’s Membership Committee and the International Confederation of Music Publishers (ICMP), and was elected and served as Vice-Chair of the ICMP’s Popular Bureau from 2014 to 2016."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7905" bio_image_url="9096" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SUBIR MALIK" job_position="FOUNDER, MANAGER & ORGANIST, PARIKRAMA BAND PROPRIETARY</br>PARIKRAMA INC" team_member_bio="Subir Malik is the founder, organist and manager for the legendary rock band Parikrama, who just celebrated their 26th birthday as a band . In an industry obsessed with Bollywood, he has been able to maintain his band relevant, even today, singing only Rock in English, and still do a good amount of shows.</p>
<p>Been awarded with many awards, including the ``dewarist``, and the Glenfiddich spirit award, for always swimming against the tide, doing things his way, and succeeding almost everytime, he is also appointed by the Govt of India, as an consultant, on the sub committee of ICCR, for bands.<br />
His company, Parikrama Inc, also manages a huge number of bands."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7906" bio_image_url="9097" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SUNIDHI CHAUHAN" job_position="SINGER" team_member_bio="Sunidhi Chauhan is one of the most versatile voices of our country. With countless songs to her repertoire , she has ruled millions of hearts along the Indian music industry since decades and still continues to do so. Starting out at a very young age, she was always prepared to push the limits by taking up innovative projects in her career in every way possible.</p>
<p>Sunidhi has represented our country in multiple prestigious international platforms like the Global Citizen Festival, New York &amp; also judged , motivated and guided upcoming talents in shows like ‘The Voice’ &amp; ‘Indian Idol’. One of the first Indian female vocalist to have a successful international collaboration with the popular singer Enrique Iglesias, to thinking outside the box and voicing the very famous animated character Elsa from the award winning movie Frozen (In Hindi).</p>
<p>Her countless awards and accolades are a testimony that she is not only finest but one of the most loved vocalist and LIVE Performers of the country."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7907" bio_image_url="9098" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SUNNY M.R." job_position="MUSIC COMPOSER, PROGRAMMER & ARRANGER" team_member_bio="For more than 17 years Sunny M.R. has continuously impressed the music fraternity with his Midas touch in music. A renowned composer in the Telugu industry, Sunny is also a famed music producer, sound engineer and a playback singer. Before venturing into Bollywood this multi-talented musician started off as a sound engineer in the South Indian Film Industry.</p>
<p>Shot to fame with his popular music in Swamy Ra Ra, Sunny has composed music for over 7 Telugu movies and produced and arranged music for more than 50 Hindi and Telugu movies. Praised by the veteran music director M M Keeravaani, Sunny has been a recipient of numerous awards for his work ranging from Global Indian Music Award to back to back Mirchi Music Award. Sunny is a self-confessed Jazz and RnB buff. He believes Jazz to be an advanced harmonised version of Carnatic music and has experimented and produced music mastering ragas from Carnatic Music and many more forms. Till now, he has extensively collaborated with more than 350 music albums.</p>
<p>Sunny M.R. was last seen on stage performing live at the Bollywood Music Project Mumbai & Delhi ft. Nakash Aziz & Shalmali Kholgade."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7908" bio_image_url="9099" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SURESH VENKAT" job_position="ANCHOR &amp; EDITORIAL CONSULTANT" team_member_bio="Suresh Venkat is currently an independent media consultant and anchor. Previously, Suresh was Technology Editor with CNBC TV18, India's pre-eminent business news network.</p>
<p>With over 18 years of media experience, Suresh was with CNBC TV18 for eight years between 2004 and 2012. He is also the creator and former co - anchor of the CNBC TV18's multi award winning personal technology show, Tech Toyz.</p>
<p>Prior to his stint at CNBC TV18 was program director and radio presenter at RadioCity 91.1 FM, and a producer with Star TV. Suresh is renowned both for his unique insights into business and his irreverent style as an anchor."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7910" bio_image_url="9101" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="TARUN KATIAL" job_position="CEO</br>BIG FM" team_member_bio="Mr. Tarun Katial, with an experience of over 20 years in the industry has been instrumental in revolutionizing the media and entertainment landscape in India. He is credited for creating iconic and clutter breaking content across television and radio.</p>
<p>As the Chief Executive Officer of Reliance Broadcast Network Limited (RBNL), a diversified media house, he has laid the foundation for 92.7 BIG FM, India’s largest radio network with 45 stations. He has also anchored the company’s foray into the television broadcast sector with BIG Magic, a light-hearted family entertainment channel and BIG Ganga, the leading regional general entertainment channel of Bihar & Jharkhand.</p>
<p>In his distinguished career, he has successfully held leadership positions at conglomerates such as Star TV and Sony Entertainment Television. His ability to grasp what captivates the Indian consumer stems from his early years in the advertising industry, where he worked with renowned agencies such as Saatchi & Saatchi, Enterprise Nexus and Ogilvy & Mather.</p>
<p>Having spent over two decades in the Indian media industry, Mr. Katial has successfully produced and marketed shows across genres including reality, soaps and comedy on television to retro programming on radio. Some of the popular shows that he spearheaded include Kaun Banega Crorepati, Indian Idol, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi, Jassi Jaisi Koi Nahi, Khatron Ke Khiladi, Crime Patrol, Fame Gurukul, Khulja Sim Sim and more recently Akbar Birbal, Suhana Safar with Annu Kapoor and Nayak with Sanjeev Srivastava.</p>
<p>Mr. Katial is a firm believer towards creating social impact and has conceptualized marquee properties such as BIG Green Ganesha an award winning and much celebrated initiative which creates awareness about the importance of ecological practices during the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi with the vision for a better eco-friendly future.</p>
<p>He has been recognized for his contribution across the media fraternity. He was part of the team that won the first Media Gold at Cannes. His other eminent achievements include being voted NewsCorp Achiever for Asia, featuring in the ‘India Today 30 on 30’ and Economic Times Young Leaders list and CNBC Young Turks, in addition to winning the first TV Programming Award at Indian Telly Awards.</p>
<p>Mr. Katial is a regular speaker at reputed industry forums. He has been a Jury chair for the Ad club Abby and DMAI, committee member with FICCI and CII, Board of Governor at MICA and Vice President at Association of Radio Operators for India (AROI). He also regularly contributes op-ed pieces on the outlook and future of media in India.</p>
<p>When he is not programming your entertainment, he can be found indulging in his passions - reading, travelling, teaching and practicing Vipasanna."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7911" bio_image_url="9102" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="TRACY MADDUX" job_position="CEO</br>CD BABY" team_member_bio="Tracy joined CD Baby in 2010 as Chief Operating Officer and became CEO in May of 2012. He has led the company during a period of rapid growth, focusing on rolling out new services that enable artists to self-manage their music careers, make money from their music and communicate directly with their fans.</p>
<p>CD Baby distributes more than 7.5 million songs for over 500,000 artists, offering a DIY platform for everything from physical CD distribution, to downloads and streams to tools for effective social media promotion on platforms like Instagram and Facebook. CD Baby launched its social promotion platform HearNow.com in 2016 and relaunched Show.co to CD Baby artists in 2017.</p>
<p>Artists using the CD Baby platform have earned over $600 million since the company’s founding.</p>
<p>In 2012 CD Baby launched its Sync and YouTube platform, which now represents 4 million songs and has paid out more than $10 million to artists. In 2013 CD Baby launched its global publishing administration platform for independent songwriters, CD Baby Pro, which now represents 750,000 compositions from over 100,000 songwriters in more than 30 countries and is administering millions of dollars in publishing royalties annually.</p>
<p>Tracy holds an MBA in Finance and Information Systems from Indiana University and a BA from The University of Texas at Austin. He previously held executive positions including Intel and VersaLogic."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7912" bio_image_url="9103" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VARUN DUGGIRALA" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & CONTENT CHIEF</br>THE GLITCH" team_member_bio="TEDx Speaker. Entrepreneur by day. Writer by night. Full time Content Chief. Loves excel sheets. As Content Chief of The Glitch, Varun oversees the core process for content creation across the integrated content model for the agency. He works with the core creative and production teams to constantly evolve new age branded content for our clients. He also oversees finance& operations for the company.</p>
<p>With a background in broadcast production at MTV and Channel `{`V`}`, Varun co-founded The Glitch with Rohit in 2009. Today, The Glitch is one of the largest creative digital agencies in the country delivering strategic campaigns that not only shift business but shape the culture of brands.</p>
<p>Varun has spoken at many key events and has also participated as a panelist at major influential platforms like:<br />
TEDx – As a TEDx speaker at Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada (TEDxJNTUK), Varun spoke about how the technological advancements have contributed to the elimination of the saying ``Small Town Mindset``. An inspirational talk for the suburban brought up people.<br />
The Social & Coalition Present: Essential Business Skills – Mingling work with a little bit of fun, Varun Duggirala teamed with The Social and The Coalition - an Indian platform that hopes to bridge the gap between creative ideas and lucrative business, to start a series of workshops in the hope of arming creative entrepreneurs with essential business skills. Varun Duggirala hosted an interactive workshop focused on the art of social media at Todi Mills Social in Mumbai.<br />
Eventfaqs’ Bootcamp Youth Engagement and Digital Integration – Aimed at understanding the behavioural patterns and mindsets of the youth in captive spaces such as malls, restaurants, live events, Varun Duggirala was a part of a panel discussion. He also held a presentation of the day on digital integration, which had case studies highlighting engagement through social media."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7913" bio_image_url="9104" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VG JAIRAM" job_position="CO FOUNDER    FOUNTAINHEAD MKTG</br>ORANJUICE ENTERTAINMENT" team_member_bio="V.G. Jairam's journey with Fountainhead Promotions & Events Pvt. Ltd. dates back to when the company consisted of just 4 individuals. Over the years, he capably led the client servicing, marketing and production teams, building FH to its current status. He then also co-founded Oranjuice Entertainment, a flagship brand of Fountainhead, which uses music and entertainment as brand building and consumer connect tools.</p>
<p>In a very short span of time, Oranjuice established itself as one of the most reputed promoters in the live music business in India. Quality production standards, innovative partner connect ideas, mega media exposures for live events and sell out shows have been Oranjuice’s signature. Oranjuice gave birth to the EDM music movement with DJ Ivan, Nikhil Chinappa and Smirnoff in India. Oranjuice also was the first to bring large format international theatre productions to India on an annual basis. It created a new market segment that attracted a huge audience base of theatre lovers in India.</p>
<p>The collective experience and capabilities of Oranjuice and Fountainhead allows them to produce and execute effective brand building solutions and events, both for clients and consumers. Oranjuice also enjoys an excellent rapport within the international and domestic music industry. V.G. Jairam was rated by www.eventfaqs.com as one amongst the 10 men who shaped the events industry in India. Fountainhead & Oranjuice Entertainment have been recently acquired by the global Dentsu Aegis Network.</p>
<p>Some of the events conducted by Oranjuice and Fountainhead include 50 Cent, Akon,Shaikra, Buddy Guy, Paul Van Dyk, Sasha, Jean Luc Ponty, Robert Cray Band, Abba the Musical, The West End Production of Ray Charles, Spirit of Broadway, MTV Roadies,Vh1 Jazz Masters, Yanni, Vadfest, The Johnnie Walker One Tree Music Festival, Smirnoff Experience, Mahindra Blues Festival India, The Mahindra Blues Weekend Chicago, Johnnie Walker The Journey, Aadhyam, Live From the Console, Celebrate Bandra Festival, Mahindra Open Sky and many more."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7914" bio_image_url="9105" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VIJAY ARORA" job_position="FOUNDER & DIRECTOR</br>TOUCHWOOD ENTERTAINMENT" team_member_bio="Vijay Arora - Founder & Director of Touchwood Entertainment Ltd (since 1997), heads business and its verticals that engage in BTL Activations, Corporate Events, Artist Management, Large scale weddings, Public sector events. Carrying over 19 Years of rich experience in managing large format, people & process oriented deliveries, he has effectively led his company to the next level. His extensive knowledge of his product, knowhow and technique has made his company apt for handling projects of any scale in any part of the world."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7915" bio_image_url="9106" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VIJAY BASRUR" job_position="FOUNDER</br>OK LISTEN" team_member_bio="Vijay founded OKListen 5 years back, hoping to create a platform which could serve as a meaningful, legitimate & monetizable way for the various independent musicians trying to get their music directly to their fans. With a focus on a paid model and a niche of musicians creating original content, OKListen has become the most preferred destination to discover & purchase music from over 3000 Indian musicians. OKListen is also helping musicians distribute music globally and spread awareness about original music with music lovers.</p>
<p>Vijay has over 20 years of experience in areas of Internet, Mobile, Retail, and Digital. He has held leadership positions with various start-ups like Quikr, Baazee, Synqua Games and large corporates like Raymond & INOX.</p>
<p>While he enjoys pursuing his passion for music, he also enjoys running & working with NGO’s in his spare time."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7916" bio_image_url="9107" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VIJAY NAIR" job_position="CEO</br>OML" team_member_bio="Vijay Nair is the Founder and CEO of Only Much Louder (OML). Apart from being an artist management firm and managing some of the some of the biggest independent music and comedy acts in the country, OML delivers creative ways of working with artists, creators and brands to create incredible television, digital and live entertainment properties.</p>
<p>A few of OML’s initiatives are music festivals such as NH7 Weekender; a diverse culture-driven, month-long festival Stage42, and television projects like the Cannes-award winner The Dewarists. The Company promoted and produced tours in India for Eddie Izzard, David Guetta, Enrique Iglesias, Norah Jones, Russell Peters, The Prodigy, Mumford & Sons, Lady Gaga, and several others.</p>
<p>The Economic Times, India Today, CNN, Man’s World and Indian think tank National Knowledge Commission among others have heralded Nair as a visionary and one of the most promising entrepreneurs in the field of entertainment and media. In 2009, he became the first Indian to win the British Council International Young Music Entrepreneur of the Year award."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7917" bio_image_url="9108" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VIJAY SUBRAMANIAM" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & PARTNER</br>KWAN ENTERTAINMENT AND MARKETING SOLUTIONS" team_member_bio="Vijay Subramaniam is one of the Founding Partners of India's largest Talent Agency, KWAN Entertainment & Marketing Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Having studied mechanical engineering, Vijay was quick to realise that his real passion lay in Entertainment. Thus, on obtaining his degree, he joined Mahesh Bhupathis's Globosport as an intern and quickly rose to head the South office of the company.</p>
<p>During his career in Globosport, Vijay established the LIVE touring business in the company and spearheaded Southern sales across brands and corporates. He was also was in charge of big ticket events such as the WTA Sunfeast Open 2008 and the nationwide Royal Stag Saif Ali Khan Rock tour.</p>
<p>As one of co-founders and partners of KWAN Entertainment & Marketing Solutions Pvt. Ltd. some of Vijay's key responsibilities include, running the brand sales business, live business, television business, music and the content business. This apart he is the agent of some of the country's largest Bollywood talent including the likes of Deepika Padukone, Pritam, Shraddha Kapoor etc…</p>
<p>With an in-depth knowledge of brands, LIVE events, films, coupled with a analytical business mindset, Vijay had quickly established himself as one of the leading names in the entertainment industry. Vijay also is a drummer, and this has helped in no small part in his understanding of the music business in India and an ability to notice opportunities for growth and expansion."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7919" bio_image_url="9110" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VINIT KARNIK" job_position="BUSINESS HEAD - ENTERTAINMENT, SPORTS & LIVE EVENTS</br>GROUP M" team_member_bio="Vinit is a highly accomplished professional with over two decades of experience in the media, sports and entertainment business in India.</p>
<p>Vinit joined GroupM India in 2006 to scale up its fledgling entertainment and sports practice into a robust and sustainable business arm. Under Vinit’s leadership, ESP Properties India, has grown and emerged as a unique and dominant entity in the sponsorship business in India generating over $250 million investments from more than 100 clients in these 10 years.</p>
<p>ESP Properties India has built a formidable team under Vinit’s leadership that works across Films, Music, Live, Sports, Celebrities and Licensing.</p>
<p>Vinit and his team enjoy deep and valuable connections with all major sports federations, rights owners, leagues, franchises, broadcasters, talent, studios and productions houses across the sports and entertainment domain in India.</p>
<p>Vinit initiated a pioneering initiative, a first of its kind and a very definitive report on sports sponsorship in India titled ‘Sporting Nation in The Making’ which is now in its 4th edition. Vinit has also co-authored a white paper in association with one of the premium academic institutes ‘Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad’ on ‘What Spells Success for Indian Leagues’. Vinit also represents GroupM in various industry bodies like The Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (FICCI), India largest and oldest apex business organization in their Media and Entertainment committee and The Confederation of Indian Industry’s (CII) Sports committee, enabling and influencing key policy changes.</p>
<p>Vinit began his career in 1995 with India’s leading media publishing company, ‘The Times of India’ followed by a stint at the largest Indian owned advertising agency, ‘Mudra Communications’ and then moved on to head a Bollywood film production company ‘Padmalaya Telefilms’ and ‘Prasad Film Labs’ before joining GroupM India."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7920" bio_image_url="9111" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VINIT THAKKAR" job_position="SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP INDIA &amp; SOUTH ASIA" team_member_bio="With over 16 years of experience, Vinit is an entrepreneurial sales &amp; marketing professional with a proven track record of delivering on strategic and commercial goals in the fast paced, constantly evolving Music &amp; Entertainment industry.</p>
<p>His area of expertise lies in the music &amp; entertainment space with direct exposure across Artist &amp; Repertoire, Digital, Licensing &amp; Music Publishing, New Business Development, Music Festivals and Marketing.</p>
<p>In his current capacity, as Senior Vice President (India &amp; South Asia) at Universal Music, he is responsible for delivery of the P&amp;L of the region.</p>
<p>Under the leadership of Vinit, Universal entered into a strategic collaboration with leading Bollywood director Mohit Suri to launch a sub-label EMI Records India. The vision of the label is to discover and nurture new talent.<br />
Prior to Universal Music, Vinit has worked with Sony Music, Citibank and Titan."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9467" bio_image_url="9459" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VISHAL BHARADWAJ" job_position="FILM DIRECTOR, MUSIC COMPOSER & SINGER" team_member_bio="Vishal Bhardwaj is an Indian film music composer, director, writer and playback singer. He also produces films under his banner VB Pictures. He is known for his adaptations of Shakespeare’s plays – Maqbool (2003), based on Macbeth, Omkara (2006), based on Othello and Haider (2014), based on Hamlet. His much loved and acclaimed music and films have won several National and International awards."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7922" bio_image_url="9112" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VISHAL &amp; SHEKHAR" job_position="SINGER/ MUSIC COMPOSER" team_member_bio="Vishal &amp; Shekhar the duo pack are very well known as Music Directors of many hit songs from the movies like Befikre, Chennai Express, Sultan, Ra.One, Dostana, Neerja, Om Shanti Om, Jabra Fan, Happy New Year and the list goes on.</p>
<p>Vishal &amp; Shekhar are multi-talented music brains as they are not only known as music direction but also individually playback singers, song writers, composers &amp; music record producers, they have many pride achievements of awards as best music directors, best playback singers, best lyricist, best sound track.</p>
<p>They are like live wires on the stage as their power performance can make crowds groove. Their stage presence and audience interaction is simply electrifying the energy transferred between the duo and the crowd is spectacular."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7924" bio_image_url="9115" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="WARREN MENDONSA" job_position="MUSICIAN" team_member_bio="Warren got his formal start in music in 1998, forming 'Zero' with childhood friends Sidd Coutto and Girish &amp; Rajeev Talwar. Over the years, Zero grew to enjoy nationwide popularity in India. Blackstratblues is a solo project of Warren Mendonsa, who is a guitarist, songwriter, producer and recording engineer. His music is predominantly instrument, consisting of a blend of Blues, Rock &amp; 70's Psychedelia with strong melodic and occasional electronic influences. The band has played some prestigious gigs such as NH7 (2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015), Sulafest 2012, Indigo &amp; Blues 2012 and Mahindra Blues Fest 2012 &amp; 2014, where they shared the stage with their heroes Tedeschi Trucks Band and Doyle Bramhall II.</p>
<p>Warren was also a highly sought-after recording engineer &amp; session guitarist, having worked on various film soundtracks, ad jingles, &amp; other albums. Artists/musicians he has worked/played with include Vishal/Shekhar, Instant Karma, Shankar/Ehsaan/Loy &amp; Ram Sampath. In late 2004, Warren moved to Auckland, New Zealand and began work on solo instrumental material. This resulted in his debut solo album, Nights In Shining Karma.</p>
<p>From 2005-2010, Warren worked as a guitarist/producer/recording engineer in Auckland, working with local artists as Emma Walter, Johnny Barker, Renee-Louise Carafice, Lisa Crawley, Black Sand Diva, Lorina Harding, The Aristocrats, Ghosts of Motat, and produced singer/songwriter Donna Dean, whose album ``What Am I Gonna Do`` won dual national awards for Best Country Song and Best Country Album of the year.</p>
<p>Since October 2010, Warren has been based largely in India and has worked as a guitarist/producer with Karsh Kale, Nikhil D'Souza, Abhish Mathew, Vir Das' Alien Chutney, Vishal/Shekhar and Oscar winner A.R Rahman. He appeared on Coke Studio Season 2 with Karsh and Ehsaan-Loy, and on Season 3 with Amit Trivedi, Salim-Suleiman, Hitesh Sonik &amp; Clinton Cerejo, and on Season 4 with Amit Trivedi."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7925" bio_image_url="7925" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ZUBEEN GARG" job_position="SINGER, MUSIC COMPOSER & ACTOR" team_member_bio="Zubeen Garg is an Indian singer, music director, composer, songwriter, musician & an actor. He has already sung around 15000 songs so far. His contributions are mostly attributed in Assamese, Bengali and Bollywood.</p>
<p>He won the heart of millions with his famous Bollywood songs ‘Jane Kya Chahe Mann from the movie Pyaar Ke Side Effects, Ya Ali from Gangster, Dil Tu Hi Bataa from Krish 3.</p>
<p>Amongst the many hit releases in other religional languages, Zubeen recently sang & acted in the upcoming Assamese film ‘Gaane Ki Aane’.</p>
<p>He is the busiest & successful musician in Assamese music industry & the only musician who can perform back to back in 2 different shows.</p>
<p>Zubeen Garg has performed more than 20,000+ Live shows & has a huge fan following across the globe."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row type="full_width_background" full_screen_row_position="middle" bg_color="#ffee00" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="center" top_padding="4%" bottom_padding="4%" id="testimonials-2017" overlay_strength="0.3" shape_divider_position="bottom" bg_image_animation="none" shape_type=""][vc_column column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_link_target="_self" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" width="1/1" tablet_width_inherit="default" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][nectar_animated_title heading_tag="h4" style="hinge-drop" color="Accent-Color" text="<b>TESTIMONIALS</b>"][testimonial_slider style="default" star_rating_color="accent-color" autorotate="3000" disable_height_animation="true"][testimonial image="7930" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072543220-3" tab_id="1558072543220-4" name="AMITABH BHATTACHARYA" subtitle="LYRICIST, SINGER" quote="All About Music in my opinion is one of the best initiatives ever taken to bring talent from all aspects of the music fraternity under one roof, creating an interactive platform for professionals &amp; aspirants to share, exchange ideas, learn &amp; contribute towards collective growth. I was delighted to be a part of it and look forward to more of the experience in the near future."][testimonial image="9200" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072543524-10" tab_id="1558072543526-4" name="ARCHANA SHIVHARE" subtitle="DIRECTOR, HORUS MUSIC" quote="I perceive this event as an annual extravaganza providing a platform for the music lovers, budding artists and businesses to network, connect and co-create. The event provides lots of insights into the music industry and it gives a platform to showcase one’s talent and meet the who’s who of the industry one on one. The speaker panel provides an assortment of thoughts coming from various luminaries from the music industry. Great going !! All About Music Team."][testimonial image="7843" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072543806-9" tab_id="1558072543806-1" name="ATUL CHURAMANI" subtitle="FOUNDER &amp; MD, TURNKEY MUSIC &amp; PUBLISHING" quote="The first edition of All About Music made every previous music conference in the country pale in comparison. It was among the most comprehensive, well managed and inclusive music conferences I have ever attended. All the artiste conversations, whether with Ajay - Atul, Arijit, Amit Trivedi or Sunidhi were informative and fun while the quality of discussion of the panels was excellent. The app was a fabulous bonus! Eagerly looking forward to the second edition."][testimonial image="9202" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072544124-8" tab_id="1558072544125-6" name="BETSON CARVALHO" subtitle="FOUNDER, BNA TALENT" quote="The two days, spent at the All About Music Conference, was an eye opening experience. The knowledge and experiences shared by the panelist is deeply appreciated. Interactions with individual and teams from various verticals of the music industry spanning across digital, live and new platforms was an excellent opportunity. Post the conference, I had a great smooth and hassle free experience working with Universal Music, handling the process for the release of Abhijeet Sawant’s original music album ‘Farida’ I look forward to participating in the conference in 2018!"][testimonial image="9207" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072544406-9" tab_id="1558072544407-5" name="JAKE BEAUMONT NESBITT" subtitle="VP Data &amp; New Business Models, IMMF" quote="You could go to AAM for access to the fast growing mega market: India, or to learn about how it works, or to meet it’s key professionals, or to discover the export potential of Indian artists, but you should probably just go there to be inspired; this is an event where everyone is building their own future. Go there, take part in the future."][testimonial image="7857" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072544677-8" tab_id="1558072544678-10" name="JASSI GILL" subtitle="SINGER/ ACTOR" quote="It was highly refreshing to see the entire Music fraternity come together and discuss the disruption and challenges of the ever changing industry at AAM Mumbai. A platform where everyone-be it an artist, a manager, a curator, a strategist, a record label could sit across a table and bring forward their concerns and learning in the open. For me, it was an overwhelming and empowering experience to be able to represent Punjabi Industry and talk about the challenges we face in terms of selling our art to the right audience, maintain originality as well as battling the rising competition that has increased since the digitization."][testimonial image="9215" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072544949-10" tab_id="1558072544949-4" name="PAUL BRINDLEY" subtitle="CO-FOUNDER &amp; CEO, MUSIC ALLY" quote="I was very impressed with All About Music. Impressed by the organisation. The whole event was superbly well run. Impressed by the turnout. It was great to see so many hundreds of enthusiastic participants from all parts of the business. And impressed with the spirit of the event. So much positivisity from a market that just seems set to explode. This event has the potential to be one of the region’s most important must attend industry events."][testimonial image="9210" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072545252-3" tab_id="1558072545253-7" name="MANDAR THAKUR" subtitle="COO, TIMES MUSIC" quote="AAM, in its first year, proved to be an amazing experience ...the scale of the event and content / networking opportunities AAM provided were world class. The quality of speakers and the ability of the delegates to interact with them was very high, and that is the most important part of any conference. Importantly, the content of the conference panels etc was well curated and relevant to the audience"][testimonial image="9225" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072545519-7" tab_id="1558072545520-9" name="SIDDHARTHA ROY" subtitle="CEO,HUNGAMA.COM" quote="All About Music’ has proven to be a great platform for discussing trends and new ideas. It provides the industry representatives a stage to network, connect and debate on issues. It also gives the industry a chance to come together and discuss ways to boost its growth. I hope that ‘All About Music’ continues to aid and abet the music sector like it has done so far."][testimonial image="9226" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072545788-6" tab_id="1558072545789-2" name="SPEK (HUSSAIN ``SPEK`` YOOSUF)" subtitle="SVP OF CREATIVE AND A&amp;R, RESERVOIR MEDIA MANAGEMENT" quote="All About Music ran like a well oiled machine in its inaugural year, with great panels and opportunities to learn about the local industry. Recommended for those interested in the potential of the Indian music market."][testimonial image="9208" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072546077-0" tab_id="1558072546078-8" name="KAPIL CHAWLA" subtitle="BEATFACTORY, STUDENT" quote="It was very informative for me, especially meeting with these big players and getting to know their simple perception towards the scene and art was very refreshing and motivating to experience , looking forward to attend this year’s event too."][/testimonial_slider][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row type="in_container" full_screen_row_position="middle" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="center" top_padding="4%" bottom_padding="4%" id="gallery" overlay_strength="0.3" shape_divider_position="bottom" bg_image_animation="none" shape_type=""][vc_column column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_link_target="_self" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" width="1/1" tablet_width_inherit="default" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][nectar_animated_title heading_tag="h4" style="hinge-drop" color="Accent-Color" text="<b>GALLERY</b>"][vc_gallery type="image_grid" images="9306,9341,9354,9336,9351,9358,9355,9353,9352,9357,9359,9350,9340,9342,9343,9345,9346,9347,9349,9339,9338,9334,9333,9332,9320,9322,9323,9325,9326,9327,9328,9329,9318,9317,9316,9315,9314,9313,9312,9311,9310,9302,9305,9307,9308,9309" layout="2" item_spacing="1px" gallery_style="7" load_in_animation="fade_in_from_bottom"][/vc_column][/vc_row]</p>