---
ID: 8896
post_title: "2018"
author: metalfinger
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: http://52.66.249.55/2018-2/
published: true
post_date: 2019-05-14 08:43:27
---
<p>[vc_row type="full_width_background" full_screen_row_position="middle" bg_color="#ffee00" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="center" top_padding="4%" bottom_padding="4%" id="aftermovie" overlay_strength="0.3" shape_divider_position="bottom" bg_image_animation="none" shape_type=""][vc_column column_padding="padding-5-percent" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_link_target="_self" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" width="1/1" tablet_width_inherit="default" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][nectar_animated_title heading_tag="h4" style="color-strip-reveal" color="Accent-Color" text="<b>AFTERMOVIE</b>"][vc_video link="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbtL0rb0Xtk&feature=youtu.be" align="center"][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row type="full_width_background" full_screen_row_position="middle" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="center" top_padding="4%" id="speakers-2018" overlay_strength="0.3" shape_divider_position="bottom" bg_image_animation="none" shape_type=""][vc_column column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_link_target="_self" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" width="1/1" tablet_width_inherit="default" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][nectar_animated_title heading_tag="h4" style="color-strip-reveal" color="Accent-Color" text="<b>SPEAKERS</b>"][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8597" bio_image_url="8903" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="AAYUSHMAN SINHA" job_position="PARTNER</br>ON STAGE TALENTS" team_member_bio="Aayushman is a partner at one of India's leading multi-genre talent management agencies which was also named the Best Artist Management Agency at INCA Awards 2017 - On Stage Talents. He started working as an artist manager at the age of 18 and currently aged 24 is one of India's Youngest Artist Managers. He's built unique brands out of the artists he represents and taken them to global stages like Tomorrowland, Mysteryland, Wembley Arena, etc. In a unique program to grow Independent Artists, Aayushman developed partnerships with Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Saavn, Snapchat, etc to amplify the content and brand of his artists. He also runs a campaign called #TakeIndiaToTheWorld wherein the goal is to make India an exporter of talent rather than an importer by facilitating top bookings, International content and cross country collaborations."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8598" bio_image_url="8904" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ADITI ARORA" job_position="SENIOR PRODUCT MANAGER</br>GRACENOTE, A NIELSEN COMPANY" team_member_bio="Aditi Arora is responsible for developing and driving adoption of the company’s industry-leading entertainment data solutions. Currently, she is focused on expanding Gracenote Global Music Data to important new global markets including India. Previously at Gracenote, Aditi served in various Product roles supporting next-generation Media Personalization and Data Analytics offerings.</p>
<p>Earlier in her career, Aditi was a consultant for Accenture in Australia where she supported pre-sales strategy insights for the Management Consulting Group and led cost management and optimization projects to help improve business performance for the company. Prior to Accenture, she was a business lead at Laksh in India where she provided strategy support to leading financial clients such as Barclays, HDFC and ICICI bank, among others.</p>
<p>Aditi holds a Master’s degree in Management and HRM from the University of Melbourne as well as a Global Business Management diploma from the University of California, Berkeley. She graduated with Honors from Delhi University with a Bachelor’s degree in Psychology."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7779" bio_image_url="8905" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="AJAY NAIR" job_position="COO & CFO</br>OML" team_member_bio="Ajay Nair is the COO and CFO at Only Much Louder (OML). He helps plan and execute the overall strategy at OML, and is in charge of building out the ticketing operations for the various properties that OML owns and executes in the live entertainment space.<br />
Ajay graduated from IIM Lucknow in 2004, and has previously worked in private equity, investment banking and business consulting businesses in India.<br />
Only Much Louder plays at the intersection of three elements - alternative culture, youth and brands. It focuses on reaching the youth market in India through high quality entertainment properties including music festivals, concert properties and branded content. OML works with various brands in the country in conceptualizing and executing their marketing and branding strategies aimed at the youth segment. Some of India's pioneering music festivals such as NH7 Weekender and A Summer's Day are promoted by OML. OML has conceptualized and produced well regarded branded content properties such as The Dewarists (Cannes-award winner in the branded content category), MTV Sound Trippin' and MTV Bring On The Night. OML is one of YouTube's select partners in India under the Content Innovation Program through which it has built one of India's fastest growing YouTube channels. OML also runs NH7.in, the online hub of indie music and alternative culture in India."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8657" bio_image_url="8908" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ALOKANANDA DASGUPTA" job_position="MUSIC COMPOSER</br>TULSEA" team_member_bio="Alokananda Dasgupta is a leading contemporary music composer. She was pursuing her Masters in English Literature at Calcutta University when she decided to pursue her life-long passion for music in Toronto, where she completed a Bachelors of Music with Honors in Theory and Composition at York University. She has previously assisted Amit Trivedi on films like Udaan (2010), Aisha (2010), No One Killed Jessica (2011) and Chillar Party (2011). She debuted as a music composer with the Marathi drama film Shala (2011). She also composed the score of B.A. Pass (2012), Fandry (2013), Anwar ka Ajab Kissa (2013), Asha Jaoar Majhe (2014), and Trapped (2017). She most recently composed the background score for Amazon Prime's Breathe and Netflix's original Sacred Games, both varied in genres and widely appreciated by critics and audiences alike."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8603" bio_image_url="8909" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="AMAR TIDKE" job_position="CHIEF PROGRAMMING OFFICER</br>9X MEDIA PVT. LTD." team_member_bio="Amar Tidke is the Chief Programming Officer at 9X Media Group which operates 5 Music Television Channels. Amar is part of the executive committee at 9X Media which provides strategic direction to the Company. With over 19 years of experience in media, covering the domains of print, online, television, radio and mobile, Amar is an expert in his field. He has worked across youth channels for TV and has gained extensive experience as creative head with a prominent Radio station."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8659" bio_image_url="8910" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="AMIT GURBAXANI" job_position="JOURNALIST" team_member_bio="Amit Gurbaxani is a Mumbai-based journalist who has been writing about music, specifically the country’s independent scene, for nearly two decades. His work can be read in publications such as India Today, Scroll and First Post, for which he writes a column on the Indian music industry. Amit, who previously wrote a column about music charts for Rolling Stone India, is the former music editor of the erstwhile Time Out Mumbai magazine. He is also the co-founder of The Daily Pao, an online food and culture platform that publishes a daily gig guide for Mumbai."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8661" bio_image_url="8912" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ANG KWEE TIANG" job_position="REGIONAL HEAD (ASIA PACIFIC)</br>IFPI" team_member_bio="Ang Kwee Tiang (aka KT Ang) is IFPI’s regional director for Asia Pacific. He coordinates the activities of IFPI’s affiliated industry associations across Asia, working to expand performance rights and help develop the digital marketplace in the region. Ang joined IFPI in 2012 from global authors and composers' body CISAC, where he served as Regional Director, Asia-Pacific. An expert in intellectual property law, he has undertaken more than 100 expert advisory missions and speaking engagements on behalf of WIPO to developing countries in Asia, advising on copyright law and the creation of copyright societies. Prior to joining the copyright world, KT was in legal practice in Singapore, preceded by service in the Singapore Police Force where he transferred to from the military on a scholarship in 1979. His last held rank was Deputy Superintendent of Police."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8662" bio_image_url="8913" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ANKIT KHANNA" job_position="CEO</br>DNH ARTISTS & AK PROJEKTS" team_member_bio="A boy who started with a dream of being an artist played many roles apart from being the primary. Started off as a DJ cum music producer idolizing many of his idols and sooner or later jumped onto being one of the youngest promoters in the urban music scene across the north of India focusing on importing hit talents from the UK’s DESI music scene. Few years down later he’s a complete talent manager representing the hit squad from U.K – RDB. Without any professional accolades Ankit Khanna (Founder of DNH Artists) learnt everything about the music industry on the job. From touring with artists to managing their professional chores he’s slowly turned into someone whom we can say (been there done that). Paving his own way in the industry he’s emerged as one of the youngest talent scouts in the country. From helping revive artists like MANJ MUSIK (Ex-RDB lead vocalist) to help build independent artists none other than the sensational RAFTAAR he’s carved his own way leaving some footprints for many to follow in the current scene. With the likes of AKRITI KAKAR and the sufi maestro DHRUV SANGARI DNH ARTISTS has been uniquely carving their name in the talent management space. In 2017 debuting another imprint as a label cum platform AK PROJEKTS he continuously dedicates in hunting for new talents where he can support and help numerous artists across all musical genres. Ankit has majorly contributed in getting the underground music scene the light it deserves in INDIA"][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8663" bio_image_url="8914" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ANURAG BASU" job_position="DIRECTOR, SCREENWRITER & PRODUCER</br>ANURAG BASU PRODUCTIONS PVT LTD" team_member_bio="Anurag Basu is an Indian reality show-judge, director, actor, screenwriter and producer. He began his directing career in television, moving to feature films in 2002. Basu achieved initial success with his films tackling the themes of passion and adultery such as Life in a... Metro, Kites, Gangster and Murder. Later, he directed comedy-drama films such as the critically acclaimed and commercially successful Barfi! and the box office bomb Jagga Jasoos."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8609" bio_image_url="8915" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ANURAG BEDI" job_position="EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT & BUSINESS HEAD</br>ZEE MUSIC COMPANY" team_member_bio="Anurag Bedi, the man behind the success of Zee Entertainment’s Music Label Zee Music Company, has certainly come a long way. His journey has been nothing short of extra ordinary. Be it his varied roles across sales , content to new business launches. His achievements are game changing and he has excelled in every sense.In 2014 Zee Music Company was launched in a short span of a few months, and in less than 4 years grew to become the number two Bollywood music label with strong presence in regional music too.With a credible creative ear in music, Anurag has built a strong bank of songs for Zee Music which has started partnering with films to provide music. Rustom,Bariely Ki Barfi,Shaadi Mein Zaroora Aana are a few projects whose music churned out big hits like Tere Sang yaara , Nazm Nazm & Pallo Latke. Zee Music Company’s YT channel is recently won the Diamond Button award winner with over 20 million Subscribers."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8666" bio_image_url="8917" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ATUL CHURAMANI" job_position="FOUNDER & MD</br>TURNKEY MUSIC & PUBLISHING" team_member_bio="Atul Churamani joined the Indian music industry in 1987 and has worked with music labels like CBS Gramophone Records and Tapes (I) Ltd., Magnasound India Ltd, Virgin Records and Saregama India Ltd. He has held several portfolios at these labels from International Music Manager to A&R and Marketing Director. He has been closely associated with the development of the Indian pop music scene and the establishing of the digital and music publishing businesses for the industry. He has been on the board of the Indian Performing Rights Society and the Phonographic Performance Ltd. After a stint with VAS company Onmobile Global Limited, Atul is now Managing Director of Turnkey Music & Publishing Pvt. Ltd., a company he founded, that helps independent artistes publish and self release music and curates the folk / fusion music festival ‘Paddy Fields’."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8667" bio_image_url="8918" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BADSHAH" job_position="INDIAN RAPPER &amp; MUSIC COMPOSER" team_member_bio="Aditya Prateek Singh Sisodia, better known by his stage name Badshah, is an Indian rapper and music composer known for his Hindi, Haryanvi, and Punjabi songs. He started his career in 2006 alongside Yo Yo Honey Singh in his Group Band Mafia Mundeer and gained spontaneous popularity among youth. He split from Honey in 2012 and gained fame with his independent Haryanvi song Kar Gayi Chull, which was later adopted into Bollywood movie. His music has been featured in Bollywood soundtracks for films such as 2014 films Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania and Khoobsurat (2014). He has also collaborated with artists such as Gippy Grewal, Diljit Dosanjh, Manj Musik, Raftaar, Navv Inder and Aastha Gill among others. His debut single, ``DJ Waley Babu`` featuring Aastha Gill, was ranked number one on Indian i-tunes charts within 24 hours of the release. The song also crossed a million views on YouTube within 30 hours. In 2016, he collaborated with Navv Inder on Wakhra Swag which won the 2016 Punjabi Music Awards for best duo/group and most popular song of the year award."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8613" bio_image_url="8919" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BALWINDER SINGH" job_position="CEO & MANAGING DIRECTOR</br>SPEED RECORDS" team_member_bio="Music distribution for the Indian music giants being his small start for Speed records, his love for music has only amplified since then to create music content that endorses legends of Punjabi Music & strengthens the roots of Punjabi culture. Under his leadership, Speed Records has been the largest producer of Punjabi movies which have revolutionised the industry both in concept and in numbers. His interest in dealing with clients all across the world has helped creating the much-acknowledged path for the growth of the company as a group. Speed Records is currently working with all big music houses and lately."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8614" bio_image_url="8921" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BHUSHAN KUMAR" job_position="CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR</br>T-SERIES" team_member_bio="Regarded as one of Bollywood's leading, young producers, Mr Bhushan Kumar, chairman and managing director of T-Series, has transformed the landscape of Bollywood music over the years, even as he has consistently grown his company from strength to strength. Despite being heir to one of India’s top Bollywood music companies, not many know that his start in the industry was not easy. After suddenly and tragically losing his father Mr Gulshan Kumar, Mr Bhushan Kumar had no choice but to lead the company his father had built from the ground up, at the young age of 19. A young Mr Kumar suddenly found himself in charge of a multi-crore company with no idea of how to run it and with the fate and future of hundreds of his staff in his hands. In a cut-throat film industry, he was considered an outsider and a novice in the business. He faced skepticism from a high-stakes industry where careers make or break every Friday, and initially he found it hard to convince producers that he could get the job done. However, slowly, steadily and quietly, over the years, Mr Kumar has worked hard and overcome all sorts of challenges to transform T-Series into a 21st century, profit-making company. With a clear vision, he has taken the company from milestone to milestone and has brought it to the forefront of the Indian music scene today, making it a leading music label at the cutting edge of popular Hindi and regional commercial music. Further, he has made T-Series the No. 1 YouTube channel in the world, again redefining and repositioning the company and putting it at the heart of the digital entertainment revolution. Not one to sit on his laurels, Mr Kumar lead the company into film production, producing many hit films in the recent past. His hard work and relentless vision paid off when his film Hindi Medium, a co-production with Maddock Films, won the Best Film award at the 63rd Filmfare Award, regarded as the Oscars of the Hindi Film Industry. Actor Irrfan Khan won the Best Actor (Male) trophy for the same film. For Bhushan Kumar’s other co-production, with Ellipsis Entertainment, Tumhari Sulu, actor Vidya Balan received the Best Actor (Female) award. In the first quarter of 2018, Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety and Raid, both produced by him have garnered more than Rs 100 crore at the box office. If that was not enough a vision for the future, he has also now ventured into producing short films for the digital space with the comedy Bulbul, which also received a nomination in the Short Film category at the 63rd Filmfare Awards. In 2018 alone Mr Kumar has invested Rs 500 crore to produce about 10 films. Finally, with the aim to give back to the industry and audiences alike, he has started mentoring singers, musicians, lyricists, and filmmakers, to create leading artistes for the coming generations"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8752" bio_image_url="8923" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BLAISE FERNANDES" job_position="PRESIDENT & CEO</br>IMI" team_member_bio="Mr. Blaise J Fernandes spent 25 years in the media and entertainment industry, 23 years as head of Warner Bros South Asia. He was part of the WB global leadership team from 2007 to 2013. CEO of GATEWAY HOUSE HOUSE a Mumbai based foreign policy think tank for 4 years SVP Corporate Affairs at EDELWEISS FINANCE and now President and CEO of IMI and an independent board member of GATEWAY HOUSE."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8671" bio_image_url="8924" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BOB EZRIN" job_position="PRESIDENT</br>STILLWATER MUSIC" team_member_bio="In a legendary career in music production, media, education, technology and live production beginning in 1970, Bob Ezrin has worked with many of the world’s most important artists including: Pink Floyd, Alice Cooper, Andrea Bocelli, U2, Peter Gabriel, KISS, Monty Python, Deep Purple, Lang Lang, Jay-Z, Taylor Swift and many others. He is a multiple award winner and was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 2004, named a Fellow of the Royal Conservatory of Music in 2013 and inducted into Canada’s Walk of Fame in 2014."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8672" bio_image_url="8925" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BOB LEFSETZ" job_position="OWNER</br>THE LEFSETZ LETTER" team_member_bio="Bob Lefsetz, Santa Monica-based industry legend, is the author of the e-mail newsletter, ``The Lefsetz Letter.`` Famous for being beholden to no one and speaking the truth, Lefsetz addresses the issues that are at the core of the music business: streaming, ticketing and the music itself. His intense brilliance captivates readers from Steven Tyler to Drake to Deadmau5 to Quincy Jones to music business honchos like Michael Rapino, Jay Marciano, Steve Barnett and Irving Azoff. In these days of turmoil, ``The Lefsetz Letter`` is a must-read. Never boring, always entertaining, Mr. Lefsetz's insights are fueled by his stint as an entertainment business attorney, majordomo of Sanctuary Music's American division and consultancies to major labels."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8673" bio_image_url="8926" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BRIAN TELLIS" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & GROUP CEO</br>FOUNTAINHEAD | MKTG" team_member_bio="He completed his schooling and went on to graduate in Commerce from the University of Bombay. He also obtained a Diploma in Business Management from the Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research. Has enjoyed a fruitful career in entertainment that spans nearly three decades. This includes various avatars – as show host, performer, voice-over specialist, radio jockey, jury member, event business honcho and consultant, amongst other things. He has earned a commendable equity in anchoring, radio, theatre and music.<br />
Before venturing into the world of entertainment, Brian spent over a decade in the travel<br />
industry, finding his bearings with a GSA of Pan American Airlines, before earning his<br />
stripes in corporate sales at Air France and Air Canada, where he serviced high net worth<br />
clients.<br />
In 1995 Brian co-founded Fountainhead Promotions and Events Pvt Ltd. As a driving force throughout the company’s timeline, he has been instrumental in installing it amongst the leading event management players in the country, with offices in Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore. Brian is Chairman at Fountainhead.<br />
A much-in-demand voice-over exponent, Brian has hosted over 1500 high-profile awards nights including the Abbies, Emvies and Effies, fashion shows and glam events of the pedigree of The Godrej Ms. World Charity Ball’97 and the Femina Ms. India pageants. He has also lent his voice to a slew of mainline TV commercials.<br />
Brian is revered as one of the pioneering radio jockeys in the country’s FM era. When FM first came to India in the early nineties, he was amongst the principal RJs on the leading radio station – Times FM (later Radio Mirchi), hosting some of its prime English music shows. He has also programmed and hosted FM radio shows for other channels including HMV FM, Radio One and Jaago Mumbai. In his time, Brian has anchored in excess of 3500 radio show episodes and still counting!<br />
From RJ to consultant, Brian went on to influence Radio Mirchi’s roll-out strategy, radio programming and marketing at the invitation of this Times Group-owned channel.<br />
Brian has also founded his very own outfit Radio-Active, a company in the music entertainment space, which has produced programming software for the likes of Times FM and HMV FM in the past. He has also played a pivotal role in the setting up of Jaago Mumbai – a pioneering concept of community radio in India.<br />
It was the combination of Brian’s music instincts and business sense again that spawned Groove – a kind of path-breaker for the mega music store concept in India. When the influential Times Group sought to replicate this business model through its own music store chain Planet M, it was the experience of Brian that they fell back on, in consultation.<br />
Vastly respected for his experience around media circles, Brian has been invited to sit on prestigious jury panels – Channel `{`V`}` Awards, MTV Video Music Awards and the ultimate destination in show business – Cannes!<br />
An influential name in the event management industry, Brian is a founder member of the industry’s pinnacle body EEMA, which represents the interests of its members even at the highest level of Government. Brian has served as President at EEMA, and under his leadership several initiatives have been implemented, including widening membership to a pan-India status and launching the industry journal – EEMAg.<br />
In earlier years, Brian earned a solid reputation around music and theatre circles… as frontman of a pop-rock styled band Voices (the band was a highlight feature at the Aid Bhopal concert in the eighties); and through headline billings in several theatre-based musicals on the Bombay circuit, including Evita, Annie, Joseph and His Technicolour Dreamcoat, Greased Lightening, The Witness, Oh Artaban and Beauty and The Beast."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8674" bio_image_url="8927" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="BUNTY BAINS" job_position="FOUNDER & CEO</br>BUNTY BAINS PRODUCTIONS" team_member_bio="Bunty Bains Productions was founded by Bunty Bains in 2007. This production house has become popular for producing hit tracks for the Punjabi music industry as well. Along with being a mega production company, Bunty Bains Productions has launched numerous artists who are superstars in todays time. The artists who have been linked to this production have attained perfection in being great performers and vocalists. Not only has Bunty Bains Productions launched artists, it has launched music directors, video directors and costume designers that are famous for their work in the music industry. Last but not least, this production also specializes in organizing musical events internationally. Overall, Bunty Bains Productions has become a brand that makes dreams come true."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8675" bio_image_url="8928" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="CHAITANYA PRABHU" job_position="MANAGER, MUSIC CONTENT PARTNERSHIPS (INDIA & SOUTH AISA)</br>YOUTUBE & GOOGLE PLAY" team_member_bio="Chaitanya is part of the Music Content Partnerships team for YouTube Google Play Music . In this role, he focuses on growth of music business & partnerships in India and South Asia. Prior to Joining Google, Chaitanya was the Business head at Reliance Games. Chaitanya is an alumnus of NMIMS and has worked in the music industry for over 18 years."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8621" bio_image_url="8929" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="CHARLES CALDES" job_position="CEO</br>MERLIN" team_member_bio="Charles Caldas is CEO of Merlin, the global digital rights agency for the world’s independent label sector. The organization’s members command in excess of 12% of the digital recorded music market and embody more than 20,000 independent record labels and distributors from 55 countries and all continents. Charles has been recognized by Billboard in its 2018 list of the 100 most influential people in the music business and is a previous recipient of IMPALA's Outstanding Contribution Award."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8677" bio_image_url="8930" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="DAVID HELFANT" job_position="FOUNDING PARTNER</br>LAW OFFICES OF DAVID A. HELFANT" team_member_bio="David Helfant has extensive experience representing record producers, recording artists and record and publishing companies, major motion picture studios and television, film and video production companies. David’s clients have included Slash, Van Halen, Yes, Teddy Pendergrass, Stanley Clarke, Danny Kortchmar, Doug Weston’s Troubadour, Columbia Pictures, The Walt Disney Company, Paramount Pictures and Sony Pictures. In addition, he currently is the President and CEO of Arpeggio Entertainment, a personal management firm, who have guided the careers American Idol Season 7 Finalist Jason Castro, Journey’s Neal Schon, Jennifer Love Hewitt, and Mack Avenue Recording Artist Cameron Graves."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8679" bio_image_url="8931" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="DEEPAK CHOUDHARY" job_position="FOUNDER, DIRECTOR</br>EVENT CAPITAL" team_member_bio="As a serial entrepreneur, Deepak has seen the changing face of the events industry, and has been an intrinsic part of the overhaul in just a span of 16 years. Deepak co- founded India’s first Event Management school, EMDI in the year 2002 and followed it up with India’s first sports and radio Management schools. In 2007, he co-founded EVENTFAQS, India's first B2B business portal/publication for the events industry. In 2013, he went on to establish Event Capital, India's leading Live Event Intellectual Property rights company with Laqshya Media Group. Over the years, Event Capital has partnered or curated properties like Bollywood Music Project , WindMill Festival , Bike Festival of India, India Kids Fashion Week, Edutainment Show, Big Boys Toys, Times travel show and Indian Festival League under its belt. In 2016, Deepak co-authored ‘Staged’ – the first-ever book on the Indian live event Industry."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8678" bio_image_url="8932" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="DEEPAK DEWOOLKAR" job_position="CCO</br>MEDIA WORLDWIDE LTD." team_member_bio="From an enthusiastic cricketer to later, becoming a successful film and TV actor; Mr. Deepak Dewoolkar was associated with more than a hundred movies, as a Lead Actor, Director, Producer, Screenplay writer. His ear for music is known to the industry stalwarts from early days of his career. The same combined with 28 years of his experience as a Lead Actor, Director, Producer & writer has today helped his channel Sangeet Marathi, set new benchmarks in the said genre. His efforts through this music channel have brought emerging talent and Marathi folk music back to the limelight. Presently he is the CCO of his organization MEDIA WORLDWIDE LTD; that broadcast 4 channels Sangeet Marathi, Music India, Sangeet Bangla and Sangeet Bhojpuri consistently seeing an upward trend."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8681" bio_image_url="8933" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="DEVRAJ SANYAL" job_position="MD & CEO</br>UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP, INDIA & SOUTH ASIA" team_member_bio="Devraj Sanyal has been running the Universal Music Group businesses for South Asia & India since 2011. In the past 6 years he has groomed it into one of the most successful music business models in the region. UMG is now a 360-degree; festival business, music business including the label, live & artist promotions, merchandising and a creator of platforms for music & brands. It’s also the leading label for Indie & non-film music, carving a niche amongst Bollywood driven labels. Sanyal also runs the publishing business for the region & is regarded as the top A&R man, now compounded by his role as a judge on network TV’s largest all English reality show called “The Stage” for the third season this year. Sanyal was the co-founder of Sunburn, Asia’s no 1 EDM festival and is now deeply integrated in the music Intellectual properties business & is currently the Director &CEO of the India’s largest multi-genre music & camping festival “Enchanted Valley Carnival”. Devraj is also a founding member of Brahma, India’s premier metal band making him the only artist & music executive in the region."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8682" bio_image_url="8934" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="DHRUBAJYOTI PHUKAN" job_position="MUSIC PRODUCER/MUSIC ARRANGER/MUSIC DIRECTOR" team_member_bio="Started his music career in 1988 in Guwahati, Assam and shifted to Mumbai in 1996. Since then was working in the Bollywood music industry as Musician/Music Arranger/Music Programmer/Music Director and Background Music Director. He has worked with many renowned Music Directors like Pritam, Jeet Ganguly, Ankit Tiwari, Meet Bros, Amaal Malik, Jatin-Lalit, Nadeem-Shravan, Anand-Millind, Meet Bros &amp; Anjjan, Anand Raaj Anand, Ram-Laxman, Sajid-Wajid, Sandesh Shandaliya, Salim-Sulaiman, MM Kreem and many more as chief Music Arranger and Music Programmer. Have arranged music for many albums of successful singers like Jaspinder Nerula, Hema Sardesai, Kamal Khan, Sunita Rao, Vibha Sharma, Prity-Pinky, Meet Brothers etc. From 2007 He is working as the Chief of Pritam's Music Production/Arrangement/Programming Team, supervising and leading all his Music Production/Arrangement/Programming works. Several musical works of Dhrubajyoti are recognized in the Music Industry, topped the charts and received various awards"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8683" bio_image_url="8935" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ED PETO" job_position="FOUNDER & MD</br>OUTDUSTRY" team_member_bio="A native of London, Ed moved to China in 2006 to serve on the front lines of the music industry. He now owns and runs Outdustry, a unique market-leading music industry services business specialising in the Chinese recorded music industry representing labels, publishers, CMOs, talent and services for work in the territory. He is frequently sought out by international media - The Economist, FT, WSJ, Guardian, Bloomberg, Reuters, Billboard etc - to comment on market news and conditions, has written extensively on the technical workings of the Chinese music industry and is a Billboard International Power Player. As part of an MBA at the Berlin School of Creative Leadership, Ed is also currently writing his master’s thesis on the Indian music industry."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8629" bio_image_url="8936" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ERIC BAPTISTE" job_position="CEO, SOCAN & CHAIRPERSON OF THE BOARD</br>CISAC" team_member_bio="Eric Baptiste is one of the world's most accomplished music industry leaders. Under his direction since 2010, SOCAN has greatly expanded revenues, membership and licensing while being at the forefront of innovation. Also now president of the boards of SOCAN subsidiaries Audiam and MediaNet, he previously worked in radio and cultural industries in France, including as General Manager of RFI; CEO of 95.2 Paris radio; and Director General of CISAC, where he serves as non-executive Chairperson of the board. He was named to Billboard's 2017 list of 53 International Power Players"][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8686" bio_image_url="8938" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="GURPREET SINGH" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & COO</br>ONE DIGITAL ENTERTAINMENT" team_member_bio="Gurpreet Singh spearheads One Digital Network, India’s leading digital video network, which currently has an unbeaten repertoire of managing a whopping 1000+ creators and over 5 billion watched minutes of content every month. In addition to empowering music releases from the likes of Badshah, Raftaar, Shekhar Ravjiani, Papon, Akriti Kakkar, Gippy Grewal, Amrinder Gill, Mickey Singh, Euphoria, Prajakta Koli, Dino James, MTV Spoken Word and India’s biggest YouTuber Bhuvan Bam as well, he has also been instrumental in setting up digital businesses for various well known regional record labels like Speed Records, Humble Music, Whitehill Music, Eskay Records, Brand B, AK Projekts, Amplify Music to name a few. Gurpreet has previously spearheaded digital wing for Viacom 18 Network and has over 16 years of experience in the digital space having worked with companies like Hungama Mobile and UTV Disney earlier."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8687" bio_image_url="8939" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="HARIHARAN" job_position="SINGER" team_member_bio="Hariharan (born 3 April 1955 in Mumbai) is a versatile , an established ghazal singer,playback singer in Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam, Kannada &amp; Telugu movies and one of the pioneers of Indian fusion music. Hariharan grew up in Bombay (Mumbai) and has bachelor degrees in Science and Law. The son of renowned Carnatic vocalists, Shrimati Alamelu and the late H.A.S. Mani, Hariharan inherited his parents' musical talents. Alamelu was Hariharan's first guruji (mentor). From her, he picked up Carnatic music skills. He was also exposed to Hindustani music from a young age. In his teens,he became shagird of Padmavibhushan Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan, and learnt the Khayal gayaki, Raag dhari and continued for many decades absorbing the intricacies of Hindustani Music, Hariharan was inspired by the Ghazals sung by Mehdi Hassan. Hariharan had a great passion for Ghazals and pursued the genre. He used to put in nine hours of singing practice everyday. The committed Hariharan also put heart and soul into learning Urdu when he decided to become a ghazal singer. He has perfected his Urdu diction to such standards that even his audiences in Lucknow, the heartland of the language, have been wowed over. In 1977, Hariharan bagged the top prize in the All-India Sur Singaar competition and was promptly signed on by the late music director Jaidev to sing for the Hindi film Gaman. His debut song ``Ajeeb Saaneha Mujh Par`` in that movie became such a hit that it won Hariharan an Uttar Pradesh state award, as well as a Best Singer National Award nomination, and Hariharan's playback singing career took off. Rise to fame At the start of his career, Hariharan did the concert circuit and also performed on TV. He sang for a number of TV serials (e.g., Junoon). In addition, he cut several successful ghazal albums, writing most of the scores himself. One of Hariharan's first ghazal albums was ``Abshaar-e-Ghazal`` with Asha Bhonsle, which went gold in sales. Another outstanding ghazal album was Hazir with Ustad Zakir Hussain. ``Gulfam``, released in 1993 won him the Diva Award for the Best Album of the year.Hariharan entered the world of Tamil films in 1992 with the patriotic song ``Thamizha Thamizha`` in Maniratnam's film Roja. He was judged best male playback singer in the 1995 Tamil Nadu State Government Film Awards for his soulful rendition for the song konja naal….from the film Aasai. ``Uyire Uyire`` is better known as ``Tu Hi Re`` in its Hindi version made Hariharan a household name and is still a hot favorite."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8688" bio_image_url="8940" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="HARSHAD CHAVAN" job_position="MANAGING DIRECTOR</br>TOAST EVENTS PVT. LTD." team_member_bio="The man behind game changing strategies of experiential marketing for luxury & lifestyle brands in India. In his 8 years of event/brand marketing career he has launched 150 iconic, international brands in the country. today his company is sought to be the one-stop solution provider for cool, innovative & out of the box ideas while creating best practices for the 250 brands he works with. the brands carry his ideas world over."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8689" bio_image_url="8941" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="HELENA KOSINSKI" job_position="VP, GLOBAL</br>NIELSEN MUSIC" team_member_bio="VP Global, Nielsen Music Helena leads business development in Nielsen's expanding global music business. For more than two decades, Nielsen’s consumer research, sales, streaming and airplay data have been a trusted resource for companies wanting a complete music market picture in the US and internationally. Nielsen’s data serves as a major source for the Billboard charts and is widely cited by numerous media outlets as the standard for music industry measurement. Helena began her music industry career at the copyright and royalty collection society, PRS for Music, in London. She joined Nielsen Music in 2008 where she was responsible for European business development and operations. Between 2013 and early 2017, Helena was based in New York, expanding Nielsen's business with music publishers and performing right societies. She recently returned to London as Nielsen Music enhances its music measurement globally by leveraging Nielsen and Gracenote's network of local expertise to provide measurement, sponsorship and consumer insight solutions to clients across music and entertainment."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8635" bio_image_url="8942" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="INDIRA RANGARAJAN" job_position="NATIONAL PROGRAMMING HEAD - MIRCHI LOVE</br>RADIO MIRCHI" team_member_bio="Indira Rangarajan is the National Programming Head for Radio Mirchi’s second frequency, Mirchi Love. She has spent the last 12 years of her life across various roles in Radio Mirchi from heading programming across various cities to managing and curating music across multiple stations in India. Her recent expedition involves creating celebrity shows like Calling Karan that break the boundaries and stereotypes around the age old idea of love. Alongside programming, she also works on Radio Mirchi’s TV properties like the Mirchi Music Awards which has amassed an unmatched popularity in the last 10 years."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8691" bio_image_url="8943" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="JAIME VENDERA" job_position="VOCAL STRENGTH TRAINER & AUTHOR</br>VENDERA PUBLISHING" team_member_bio="Jaime Vendera is the author of dozens of books, including Raise You Voice and Mind Over Music. He is also the first documented singer on film to shatter a glass with the power of voice alone, as seen on shows like MythBusters and Superhuman Showdown. As a vocal coach, some of his clients have included Dream Theater, Skyharbor, and Pritam."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8692" bio_image_url="8944" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="JAKE BEAUMONT NESBITT" job_position="VP DATA AND NEW BUSINESS MODELS</br>IMMF" team_member_bio="An organisation that brings together artist, and artist representative, associations from 50 countries, for networking, sharing, and discussions about trading conditions and opportunities for artists. <p``>Jake focuses on structural concerns in the music industry including metadata issues, usage data opportunities, and B2B innovation. He has a background in financial markets, and has managed chart topping Dutch artists signed a UK band to a US indie label, and is helping rapper RaOol release independently in India. He manages a film, games, and TV composer. At Acme Rights Jake works as an IP adviser for a selection of artists and music copyrights, and is working on digital innovation projects to improve digital offers for artists and consumers."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8693" bio_image_url="8945" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="JASSIE GILL" job_position="ACTOR &amp; SINGER" team_member_bio="Jasdeep Singh Gill, fondly known as Jassie Gill, is an Indian singer, actor, lyricist and performer of Punjabi origin. Born in Jandali Village near Khanna, Ludhiana in Punjab.Gill made his debut as a singer in the year 2011 with the album Batchmate. His debut album became an instant success and the hit song “Chudiyan” soared the charts. His recent performance in the movie Sargi as an actor has won him many accolades for his acting. He rose to fame in the year 2011 &amp; has ever since been a youth icon. Gill is known for his infectious energy and spectacular performance. With his biggest hits like Bapu Zimidar, Nakhre, Guitar Sikhda, Tru Talk &amp; Manhy more , he has captured the hearts of all. His recent Bollywood Debut in Happy Phirr Bhag Jayegi alongside Sonakshi Sinha is the recent talk of the town."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8694" bio_image_url="8946" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="JAVED AKTAR" job_position="SCRIPT WRITER, LYRICIST, POET &amp; ACTIVIST" team_member_bio="Son of well-known Urdu poet and film lyricist Jan Nisar Akhtar and Safia Akhtar, teacher and writer, Javed Akhtar belongs to a family lineage that can be traced back to seven generations of writers. The highly respected Urdu poet, Majaz was his mother’s brother and the work of Muzter Khairabadi, his grandfather, is looked upon as a milestone in Urdu Poetry.<br />
Javed Akhtar did his schooling at the Cambridge School in Bhopal, Calvin Talukadar College in Lucknow, Minto Circle at Aligarh, and graduated from Saifiya College, Bhopal in 1964.<br />
His body of work can be categorized under four distinct categories:<br />
a) Script Writer b) Lyricist c) Poet d) Activist"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8695" bio_image_url="8947" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="JOBITA D'SOUZA" job_position="ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR (INTERNATIONAL MARKETS)</br>SONY MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT INDIA PVT. LTD." team_member_bio="As a member of the founding team at Sony Music Entertainment – India in the late 90’s, Jobita has been instrumental in breaking music and developing revenues from the international markets for the company. With a passion for music she connects South Asian and Western fans to a wide variety of Indian music and Artists. She has played a pivotal role in the marketing of Bollywood soundtracks increasing the appeal of Indian music in various markets. Currently, Jobita is focused on designing innovative marketing campaigns in North America and the U.K. for frontline and catalogue releases to drive the growth of digital revenue across streaming services. She is also working on collaborative opportunities for Indian artist with International acts. Including partnering with promoters to engage artist in South Asian music festivals and promotional tours. Jobita graduated from Mumbai University with a Bachelor’s degree majoring in English Literature.<br />
As a member of the founding team at Sony Music Entertainment – India in the late 90’s, Jobita has been instrumental in breaking music and developing revenues from the international markets for the company. With a passion for music she connects South Asian and Western fans to a wide variety of Indian music and Artists. She has played a pivotal role in the marketing of Bollywood soundtracks increasing the appeal of Indian music in various markets. Currently, Jobita is focused on designing innovative marketing campaigns in North America and the U.K. for frontline and catalogue releases to drive the growth of digital revenue across streaming services. She is also working on collaborative opportunities for Indian artist with International acts. Including partnering with promoters to engage artist in South Asian music festivals and promotional tours. Jobita graduated from Mumbai University with a Bachelor’s degree majoring in English Literature."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8696" bio_image_url="8948" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="JOHN MCLELLAN" job_position="PARTNER</br>HALDANES" team_member_bio="John McLellan is the partner in charge of Haldanes’ media and entertainment practice in Asia. He represents television channels and broadcasters, record companies (both major and independent), publishing companies, film studios and production companies and international and regional movie stars and musical talents. John has acted in commercial transactions in most Asian jurisdictions including mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and licensing arrangement; as well as more industry specific arrangement (film productions and co-productions, concert touring agreements, and artist management arrangements). John is a frequent speaker at international media conferences and legal advisor to a number of industry bodies, including the Federation of Hong Kong Film Workers, and the Hong Kong Directors Guild."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8642" bio_image_url="8949" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="KARAN GROVER" job_position="CEO</br>PHONOGRAPHIC DIGITAL LTD" team_member_bio="Seasoned business leader, expert in building new businesses in Media and Telecom domains. Up for new challenges that leverage strong envisioning, strategic planning and execution skills"][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9486" bio_image_url="9486" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="KAUSAR MUNIR" job_position="LYRICIST &amp; SCREEN-WRITER" team_member_bio="Kausar Munir is a contemporary lyric, dialogue and screen-writer for the Indian film and television industry. An English honours and film studies graduate from Mumbai’s St. Xavier’s College and Bombay University, Kausar’s career in the media began early. She earned her television stripes with the popular Jassi Jaisi Koi Nahin. Her TV writing credits include fiction and nonfiction shows for all the leading channels. She’s scripted events ranging from IIFA to Ted Talks India, and has written the script for a grand Bollywood musical ‘Jaan E Jigar’ for Dubai Parks and Resorts’ Bollywood Park. Kausar first made an impression as a lyricist with the song Falak Tak in Vijay Krishna Acharya’s Tashan, produced by YashRaj Films. Her other lyrical contributions include films like Ishqzaade, Ek Tha Tiger, Dhoom 3, Main Tera Hero, Youngistan, Dawat E Ishq, Dear Zindagi, Meri Pyaari Bindu, Tubelight, Secret Superstar, Padman, and Amit Trivedi’s edition of MTV Coke Studio. She has worked on the films Bajrangi Bhaijaan, Phantom and Begum Jaan as lyricist as well as dialogue-writer. Her forthcoming projects include Tigmanshu Dhulia’s Baarish Aur Chowmein (Script, Lyrics), Mahesh Bhatt’s ‘Jalebi’ (Script, Lyrics), Nikhil Advani’s ‘Mughals’ (additional screenplay, Dialogue) and the script of TED TALKS INDIA Season 2."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8643" bio_image_url="8950" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="LIAM DONNELLY" job_position="HEAD OF INTERNATIONAL</br>PRS FOR MUSIC" team_member_bio="Liam started working in the music business by joining industry trade bible Billboard Magazine, based in London. He later joined PRS for Music working primarily within the international side of the company and now has responsibility for revenue generation and business affairs with collection societies in North America, Asia-Pacific, Africa and the Caribbean. With extensive knowledge of collective management systems in the field of authors’ rights, Liam represents PRS for Music on the CISAC Asia-Pacific Committee and is a current board member of the Jamaican collection society."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8701" bio_image_url="8953" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MALINI AGARWAL" job_position="FOUNDER</br>MISSMALINI ENTERTAINMENT PVT. LTD." team_member_bio="As founder and director of MissMalini Entertainment, Malini Agarwal is a beloved social media mogul. Throughout her inspiring ascent from radio host to celebrity blogger, to TV host, to entrepreneur and best-selling author, Malini’s brand has always stood out for her trademark qualities of empathy, positivity, and authenticity. She has built her blog MissMalini.com into a veritable multimedia empire, and is using her influence as India’s first and leading digital influencer to lead cultural changes towards a more inclusive, conscious, and purposeful world."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8699" bio_image_url="8951" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MANDAR THAKUR" job_position="COO</br>TIMES MUSIC" team_member_bio="Mandar Thakur is COO of Times Music, one of India’s leading record labels and music publishers. Times Music is a division of India’s largest media conglomerate – The Times of India group. Mandar began his career in Hong Kong with The Entertainment Co. group working for their Asian concert promotion business in the early ‘90s, post which he helped set up the path breaking 24-hour music television station Channel `{`V`}` in India, and subsequently pioneered the digital music landscape in Asia, as part of the founding team at Soundbuzz, then Asia/India’s largest digital music distribution company, which got acquired by Motorola in early 2008."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8700" bio_image_url="8952" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MERLIN DSOUZA" job_position="MUSIC DIRECTOR, COMPOSER, PERFORMER</br>MUSIC MODE" team_member_bio="An award winning musician,( World Congress Leadership Award for Music) Merlin,India's leading woman music director/Arranger & Pianist displays her wizardry in all forms of music.Movies,Theatre,Advertising,Sonic Branding,Albums,Live Concerts,Corporate Themes. From musically branding with performances for XO Hennessy In Taiwan S Korea China Malaysia to the Blue Note In New York,Spanish Jazz Harlem Club,World Economic Forum in Sweden and Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham toworld fusion musical scores for the Epic-RAMAYAN and Sonic Branding for RAYMOND,RELIANCE PETROLEUM,HDFC bank,CHROMA,STANDARD CHARTERED-World,TATA Salt, Women's Empowerment through Song and more.. The list is endless as she continues to weave magic,creating her brand, thats her SOUND of Music!"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8753" bio_image_url="8954" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MO JOSHI" job_position="CO-FOUNDER</br>AZADI RECORDS" team_member_bio="From being a vocalist in one of England's first live hip-hop acts, to running an independent record label in India, Mo Joshi ( Co-Founder of Azadi Records) has been associated with developing grassroot subculture movements for over 20 years. Over the course of his career he’s worked with renowned independent festival venue Chai Wallahs, Grammy-award winning singer Joss Stone, and hip-hop artist, historian and journalist Akala - with whom he is still working with to this day. In 2014, Mo moved to India and set about working in the nascent Indian hip-hop scene, joining desihiphop.com in 2016, he grew the community from 1,000 monthly visitor, to 250,000. In 2017, Mo left DHH and started Azadi Records - an independent record label - with music journalist, Uday Kapur. Having signed standout Delhi rapper, Prabh Deep and released his debut album Class-Sikh to critical acclaim, Azadi Records have set about discovering artists with a unique sound who also have a story to tell."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8703" bio_image_url="8956" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MOHIT CHAUHAN" job_position="INDIAN PLAYBACK SINGER, SONGWRITER & COMPOSER" team_member_bio="Most known for his work for Bollywood, Tollywood, & Kollywood movies, Mohit is a two-time recipient of the International Daf BAMA award as the Best Male Act and the best Indian Male Act. He is also a two time recipient of the Filmfare Award for Best Male Playback Singer, a three time recipient of the Zee Cine Award For Best Male Playback Singer, with many more awards to his name. For the past two decades he has been regularly composing and singing in English, Pahari, Hindi and other regional languages. He founded the Indie-Pop band Silk Route as its lead composer and lead singer, which turned out to be a turning point in his career as a musician. His debut album sought him 4 awards including the best song of the year award at the Channel V Awards held in 1998 in Delhi. Mohit has had two solo albums, one of which was English poems written by former president Sh APJ Abdul Kalam and two albums with his band which topped the charts at the time of their release and continue to be favourites with listeners all over the world. Besides playback singing, Mohit performs live regularly across the world. Chauhan's work has been hugely praised by music directors like AR Rahman, Pritam, Shankar Ehsaan Loy, Vishal Bhardwaj, Sachin-Jigar, Sajid-Wajid & more. Mohit is an ambassador for the PM's flagship policy, Skill India and the Green Ambassador for Sikkim. He has also been declared the World Voice champion by the British Council to promote music amongst children in India, England and Scotland. he is also the only artists to do free of cost solo digital concerts for his audience where he sings, plays the guitar, ukulele, guitarlele, mandolin and the harmonica. Astounding fact about Mohit is he is the rare breed of a self-taught musician who made his passion, his career."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8704" bio_image_url="8957" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="MOHIT SURI" job_position="FILM DIRECTOR AND PRODUCER</br>UDITA MOVIES LLP" team_member_bio="I debuted as a director in 2005 with the film Zeher after working on multiple films as an assistant director before. After Zeher, I have directed 10 Hindi films. I curate independent music for our label EMI records India so as to launch new talented musicians."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8705" bio_image_url="8958" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="NEERAJ ROY" job_position="MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO</br>HUNGAMA DIGITAL MEDIA" team_member_bio="Neeraj Roy, Managing Director & CEO, Hungama Digital Media Neeraj has been at the forefront of the Internet revolution in India and has played a pivotal role in shaping the country’s digital entertainment landscape. He founded Hungama in 1999, at a time when the Internet ecosystem in India was still taking shape and has since led the organization to become one of the largest distributors and aggregators of digital entertainment content in South Asia. In the past 19 years, Hungama has touched over a billion lives and today, its services are available to users in more than 70 countries. Hungama’s key offerings include Hungama Music (music streaming), Hungama Play (video on demand), Artist Aloud (independent artiste platform), Hungama Games (marketer, distributor and publisher of games) and Hungama Digital Services (JV with JWT)."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8706" bio_image_url="8960" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="NEETA RAGOOWANSI" job_position="CO-FOUNDER/SVP, LEGAL & BD</br>NPREX" team_member_bio="Neeta Ragoowansi is Co-Founder and Senior Vice-President, Business Development & Legal Affairs for USA based, NPREX (National Performing Rights Exchange), the first-ever online platform for direct licensing of music performance rights, between music copyright owners and music users (e.g. radio, TV, streaming services, etc.). Neeta has been an entertainment attorney and music business professional for over 25 years, and was head of artist-label relations/legal counsel for US digital performance rights society, SoundExchange; Women in Music’s President; TuneSat’s VP of Biz Dev/Legal; and The Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts and the National Symphony Orchestra’s Assistant General Counsel. Neeta is also a financial industry consultant re: music industry, and strategic advisor, business development resource and legal counsel to entertainment industry clients in her New York based law practice. Neeta serves on the boards of Women in Music and American Bar Association’s Forum on the Entertainment and Sports Industries; is an active member and former board member (over 10 years) of The Recording Academy (Grammy organization), New York chapter; has served as panelist/speaker at over 200 music industry conferences; has a B.A. from Emory University and J.D. from American University, and is an actively performing musician and award winning songwriter."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8707" bio_image_url="8961" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="NIKHIL DWIVEDI" job_position="FOUNDER</br>EYP CREATIONS PVT LTD" team_member_bio="Nikhil Dwivedi is the founder of EYP Creations, one of the biggest Punjabi Talent Management Agencies including the biggest of artists like Jassie Gill, Babbal Rai, Parmish Verma, Gurnazar, B Praak, Yuvraj Hans, Amrit Maan and more. EYP has been the first company to have created the world’s biggest Punjabi music Festival Crossblade, North India’s Beer Festival - Lager n Barrel and a comedy festival by the name of Just Comedy under its banner. The company was the first to start festivals in Northern part of the country. These have not only changed the entire festival culture in North Part of the country, but has opened many avenues of other forms of entertainment like stand up comedy for North India."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8708" bio_image_url="8962" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="NITIN ARORA" job_position="MD</br>KATALYST ENTERTAINMENT" team_member_bio="He started his career as an Anchor in year 1999 and today he is one of the leading anchors of the nation. He got his name registered in the Limca Book of Records for hosting 4000 shows in the shortest span of time. He cherishes all the events he has hosted till date, however, hosting for the opening and closing ceremony of Common Wealth games is closest to his heart. Katalyst Entertainment Pvt Ltd, a brainchild of Nitin Arora was incorporated in 2007 with the vision to ideate and innovate on ideas that take entertainment trends to completely new level of freshness. In just about a decade, Katalyst Entertainment turned their fortunes and reputation of modest beginners around to becoming industry leaders. This success was achieved through their inimitable ability to go all out and design entertainment which is ‘too good to be true’, impeccable client servicing and of course meticulous execution. Team Katalyst has been ideating, innovating and executing entertainment for all the leading weddings along with other significant large-scale events of India. With the majority of the top brass of society on their client list, they have been moving forward, setting new benchmarks and wow factors - year after year and event after event."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8709" bio_image_url="8963" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PAPON" job_position="SINGER, COMPOSER, PRODUCER" team_member_bio="Angaraag Mahanta, popularly known as Papon, is a singer, multi-instrumentalist, composer and record producer. Blessed with a voice that’s smooth and soulful at the same time, his innovative experiments are rich with ambient electronica, acoustic folk, electro ghazals to classical sounds. Although his first language is Assamese, he also sings in Hindi, Punjabi, Marathi, Tamil, Bengali, and Gujarati. In Bollywood, Papon’s rise to fame was with the songs like ‘Moh Moh Ke Dhage’ from Dum Laga Ke Haisha, ‘Kyon’ from Barfi ,‘Jiyein Kyun’ from the movie Dum Maro Dum, ‘Labon Ka Karobar’ for the movie Befikre etc. Apart from these, he has sung many popular numbers such as ‘Bulleya’ (Sultan), ‘Humnava’ (Hamari Adhuri Kahani), ‘Lakeerein’ which is a poem by Gulzar, (Kya Dilli Kya Lahore), ‘Sun Ri Bavli’ (Lakshmi) among others. In 2018, till date Papon has lended his voice to songs in movie Raid, Bhavesh Joshi, Sanju and Karwaan. Papon has co-composed songs like ‘Har Ek Baat’ and ‘Naina Laagey’ with pioneering producers Midival Punditz. He has also collaborated with renowned composer-multi instrumentalist Karsh Kale on the track ‘Absence’ for Karsh Kale’s fifth studio album. In addition, he has also joined forces with percussionist Bickram Ghosh and rising Scottish singer-songwriter Rachel Sermanni, over a project called Troikala rooted in contemporary folk and an initiative of The British Council, India. Papon is one of the pioneers of Indian main steream Indipendent Music and formed his band Papon &amp; The East India Company in 2007 (although it is now rebranded as PAPON Live for his live performances) To the known and unknown, Papon has been a significant part of all the seasons of Coke Studio India. Papon has also featured on the critically acclaimed original TV series The Dewarists – Season 1 collaborating with music icon Rabbi Shergill over the track Khule Da Rabb in 2011. In the Dewarist Season 2, Papon collaborated with Karsh Kale, Carl Barat from Britain, Scottish musician Ross Ainslie and guitarist Warren Mendonsa from India in December 2012. In 2014, Dewarist 4, Papon has sung the song composed by Shantanu Moitra. In Dewarist 5, Papon composed a track with Nucleya. Papon has composed the title track/ theme song for the programme MTV Roadies (Season10, 2013). Papon has produced a full episode of MTV Unplugged 2014, 2018 and produced two songs in a multi singer/ producer episode of MTV Unplugged 2015. He was awarded as the Best Male Playback Singer 2016 at Star Screen Awards, Mirchi Music Awards, TOIFA, GIMA, IIFA-Madrid. Papon was also nominated for Best Male Playback Singer at the FILMFARE Awards and Zee Cine Awards in 2016. Papon has received two awards at the JD Rock Awards, 2013 -Best Male Vocalist and Best Song for the feisty folk track ‘Boitha Maro Re’ from his acclaimed debut Hindi album ‘The Story So Far' (January 2012) and he bagged the GIMA Awards in the Best Pop Album category in the same year as well. In Oct 2016 Papon launched his 2nd Hindi album “The Story Now”. His most recent releases are an Assamese album- Notun Puhor (June 2017) and an Assamese Folk album – Shyamorai Kolia (Jan 2018), which are in addition to his earlier two Assamese original albums and five Assamese Folk albums released by him till date. Papon created the anthem for the debut edition of Namami Brahmaputra (2017)- billed as the biggest river festival of India which celebrated Assam’s art, heritage and culture. Papon loves to travel and goes for trekking in the Himalayas whenever time permits. He also does painting in his spare time."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8710" bio_image_url="8964" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PARAMDEEP SINGH" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN</br>JIOSAAVN" team_member_bio="Param has played a crucial role in driving the rapid growth of the business, recruiting key talent to the team, and acquiring major assets that have become the building blocks of the company. Param oversees all content acquisition, original content development and business development, and works with the Indian government on matters including piracy, copyright and publishing. Param has been instrumental in sourcing and developing key strategic partnerships with all the major and independent record labels, as well as telecom operators and smartphone OEMs. Param is a serial entrepreneur with experience in ventures across numerous verticals, including Music, Media and Technology, Retail, Real Estate and Hospitality. He graduated from the College of Arts & Sciences at Tufts University with degrees in International Relations, Economics and Entrepreneurship."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8711" bio_image_url="8965" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PARMISH VERMA" job_position="ARTIST &amp; SINGER" team_member_bio="Parmish Verma is an Indian Actor, Singer &amp; director of Punjabi origin. He worked as a theatre artist for 10 years, before starting his acting career in 2011 with the Punjabi movie Punjab Bolda. Soon, he launched his production house named Parmish Verma Films through which he directed Punjabi music videos of famous Punjabi singers. Some of his famous music videos are Khaab, Aadat, Gal Jattan Wali, Gallan Mithiyan &amp; more. He came into the notice from the song Thokda Reha in which he appeared as a model and the video was also directed by himself. After earning a huge name and fame, he appeared in his 2nd movie Rockey Mental as a lead role along which he made his singing debut with the song Le Chakk Main Aa Gya and then taking his route to Gaal Ni Kadni making it to the top charts of 2017 and 2018. The song became a sensation immediately after its release with over 100 million views on YouTube.He will now also be seen as part of the Singham remake in Punjabi, scheduled to release in 2019."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8712" bio_image_url="8966" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PAWAN AGARWAL" job_position="HEAD OF MUSIC PARTNERSHIPS, (INDIA & SOUTH ASIA)</br>YOUTUBE & GOOGLE PLAY" team_member_bio="Pawan heads the Music Content Partnerships for YouTube and Google Play Music . In his role, he focuses on the growth of the music business in India and South Asia. Prior to joining Google, Pawan was the VP & Business Head at Gaana. Prior to Gaana, he has been responsible for scaling various internet and technology businesses. He is an alumnus of IIT Kanpur."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8713" bio_image_url="8967" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="PRIYANKA KHIMANI" job_position="FOUNDER & PARTNER</br>ANAND & ANAND & KHIMANI" team_member_bio="Priyanka Khimani, Founder-Partner, Anand & Anand & Khimani, India’s leading Intellectual Property and Entertainment law firm. Priyanka is highly regarded for her illustrious client list of musicians, singers and lyricists, and is often sought after as the go-to lawyer for all things music. From grasping complex copyright issues to structuring contracts, from intellectual property disputes to understanding your right to royalty, she and her team seem to have done it all!"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8714" bio_image_url="8968" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RABINDRA NARAYAN" job_position="MANAGING DIRECTOR</br>PTC PUNJABI NETWORK" team_member_bio="A Pioneer in the field of Punjabi television, Narayan was the leader of the team that launched first-ever Punjabi satellite channel - Punjabi World. He has played an important role in putting Gurbani on the World's television map as the team led by him started beaming Gurbani Kirtan from Sri Darbar Sahib, Amritsar, in 1998. He has been honoured with the Delhi State Punjabi Media Award by Delhi Government in 2003. He has also contributed his might to the cause of Punjabi theatre where he has worked as an actor, director, designer since 1983 with Dr. C.D. Sidhu, Gyan Shivpuri and others. He was also the General Secretary with Collegiate Drama Society which has staged over 2000 shows during the past three decades. His biggest achievement in theatre was the creation of the first-ever Punjabi sound-n-light multi-media stage show, Aazaadi Dey Taraaney, to commemorate the Golden Jublie of Indian Independence. Narayan has also been a respected journalist. He was the Editor with The Weekly SUN in the Nineties and before that he was Culture Editor with Sunday Mail. He was also a respected music and film critic during his stint as a journalist and wrote columns in various publications. He also pioneered the concept of Homecast in the Nineties where his specially-designed video magazine, THE HMV SHOW, used to premiere over 800 cable networks simultaneously. The first organised cable telecast of a made-for-cable entertainment show. He also directed several documentaries including the BLOOMS OF THE LOTUS for Doordarshan. Essentially a team man, Narayan continues to serve the cause of Punjab, Punjabi and Punjabiyat through Punjabi Channels. Narayan is the Managing Director & President of G Next Media Pvt. Ltd which runs PTC NETWORK of channel worldwide and is well known as World’s Number One Punjabi television network."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8715" bio_image_url="8969" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RAFTAAR" job_position="SINGER, RAPPER, LYRICIST, COMPOSER & PRODUCER" team_member_bio="Raftaar, a powerhouse who has risen to fame in a short span of time and is today’s youth icon apart from being an endowed music producer, songwriter and singer Raftaar collaborated on Tamanche Pe Disco in 2013 and Whistle Baja in 2014 and Gabbar Is Back in 2015 which went onto becoming instant hits with the masses and they became a constant fixture on the airwaves. Consequently, he went on to win the highly prestigious Brit Asia Award from UK for ‘Best Urban Single’ in 2014 along with Manj Musik. A Malayali by origin, and raised in New Delhi, Dilin Nair, better known as Raftaar as the stage name, raps in Hindi, Punjabi, Haryanvi, and sometimes in Malayalam. Having given a number of hit songs like Tamanche Pe Disco from Bullet Raja, Pappi Song and Whistle Baja in Heropanti, Dal Makhani in Dr. Cabbie and Dhup Chik in Fugly, the cool and hip rapper has also performed at MTV Bollyland and Windsong Music Festival. Swag Mera Desi by Raftaar and Manj Musik which was released in 2014 and Desi Hip Hop which was released in 2015 were exclusively premiered by MTV for their Spoken Word Series which reached over a million hits overnight. Raftaar has become fashionably popular throughout the South Asian film industry having collaborated with music moguls like Vishal Shekhar, Manj Musik, Badshah, Muzical Doctorz, and many more from the music industry. Having fed his soul through MTV India's Coke Studio RAFTAAR has continuously paved his way as an artist with music producers from BOLLYWOOD to independent music and even having an international imprint. Making major contributions with his music for Films like - TIGER ZINDA HAI, DANGAL, LUCKNOW CENTRAL, TUM BIN 2 in 2017 he's had a massive opening in 2018 with his debut album ZERO2INFINITY being launched back in MAY RAFTAAR only looks around for new opportunities where he can push boundaries with his new music."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8716" bio_image_url="8970" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RAHUL SINHA" job_position="TEAM HEAD (ARTIST MANAGEMENT - MUSIC)</br>OML ENTERTAINEMNT PVT. LTD." team_member_bio="Rahul Sinha leads the Artist Management team (Music) at OML Entertainment. He has worked with some of the biggest names in the Indian Music Scene as well as the brightest new stars - Nucleya, Reggae Rajahs, Dualist Inquiry & Ritviz to name a few. He now leads a team of 6 artist managers that handle business for all of OML’s music roster. Since joining the live events industry, Rahul has had stints in multiple roles - from Youth Marketing for Red Bull; to talent management at Coke Studio Live & NBA Jams; to stage management at festivals such as EDC India & the country's largest multi-genre music festival, Bacardi NH7 Weekender. Rahul began his career in Artist management as a Booking Agent for OML's top electronic music talent: including the phenomenon who defined Indian dubstep, Nucleya; pioneering electro-rock act Dualist Inquiry; India's first Reggae crew Reggae Rajahs; and sensations such as Anish Sood, and SickFlip. Managing a roster of artists so diverse in terms of sound, genre and personality enabled him to gain a more in-depth understanding of the music industry and in early 2017, he was presented with the opportunity of taking on management for OML's youngest (and possibly brightest) talent, Ritviz, and has since played a decisive role in shaping up the Pune youngster's career."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8717" bio_image_url="8971" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RAJAT KAKAR" job_position="PRESIDENT & CEO</br>PHONOGRAPHIC PERFORMANCE LTD (PPL)" team_member_bio="He has over two decades of experience in the media and entertainment business, Rajat joined Sony Music in 1996 as part of the start-up team which raised the professional standards of the entire music industry and set new benchmarks which are respected even till date. Subsequently, as Managing Director of Universal Music, he turned around UMG India and made it a market leader in International and Indie pop Music. He successfully morphed the Company to adapt to the emerging digital landscape whilst foraying into pioneering New Business Development initiatives. Numerous new initiatives including the launch of the standalone Music Publishing business were spearheaded by him. The Company was among the very few profitable record labels in the country and breaking acts on a regular basis! He subsequently headed Sony DADC India and made the Company a leader in the packaged entertainment media and represented content from leading Film Studios and Labels in India. This became a very successful model of Single point distribution of Movie and Music content and was replicated by Sony in other markets across the Globe with inputs from Rajat. He now heads PPL India and is transforming the Collective Rights Management Organisation into a professional outfit monetising and defending its members Sound recording rights in a transparent and well-orchestrated manner. Rajat is well versed in the management of Music Copyrights and the nuances of various developments in this area. Prior to joining the Music Industry, Rajat has worked in Sales & Marketing functions of reputed companies such as Asian Paints and Procter & Gamble where he worked with and honed his skills on globally renowned Brands and best management practices. Rajat is a professional who has a proven track record in building successful teams and growing revenues for organizations. Rajat, with his extensive background in sales and business management, has brought his experience and passion to the music industry as it enters the next phase of growth."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8755" bio_image_url="8973" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RAKESH NIGAM" job_position="CEO</br>THE INDIAN PERFORMING RIGHT SOCIETY LIMITED (IPRS)" team_member_bio="Mr. Rakesh Nigam was born in 1965 and is brought up in Bombay. He did his Schooling from Rev. C F Andrews (SSC). He Graduated in Commerce from the M L Dahanukar of Commerce & Economics, Mumbai University. Along with graduation he commenced doing Chartered Accountancy and is a Chartered Accountant. He is at presently the Chief Executive Officer of The Indian Performing Right Society Ltd (IPRS). IPRS is the Society recognized u/s 33(3) of the Copyright Act 1957 for Musical Works & Literary Works performed along with the Musical Works by the Copyright Office, Government of India. He joined the Society in 2004, and the performing rights income has grown from Rs 9 crores to around Rs 46 crores in 2017-18 and it is estimated that the current year revenues would exceed Rs 100 Crores and has played a major role in getting the issues of author / composers and owner publishers resolved which led to fresh election to the board and IPRS becoming a Copyright Society."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8719" bio_image_url="8974" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RAKEYSH OM PRAKASH MEHRA" job_position="FILM DIRECTOR, PRODUCER, SCREENWRITER" team_member_bio="Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra (born 7 July 1963) is an Indian filmmaker and screenwriter. He is best known for writing and directing Rang De Basanti (2006) and Bhaag Milkha Bhaag (2013). He is the writer and director of the films Aks (2001) and Delhi-6 (2009)."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8720" bio_image_url="8975" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RALPH SIMON" job_position="FOUNDER & CEO</br>MOBILIUM GLOBAL LIMITED" team_member_bio="Ralph Simon is one of the founders of the global mobile music & entertainment & social media industry, and well known as a visionary & innovator, & popularly called the ``father of the ring tone”. He founded major media companies & the world's 1st international commercial ring tone service in the Americas, UK, EU & Africa. Among the world's top mobile executives since 2005, he searches, invests & advises on latest mobile music innovation & political impact for companies & “Screenagers” world-wide. His Mobilium Global & Laurel Strategies companies know mobile social media, the creative & music industries, mobile AR/VR, ‘disruption’ & innovation. He recognised years ago that the future belongs to “Screenagers” everywhere on multi-screens & smartphones. He is currently developing ground-breaking VR & Mixed Reality programming for music artists and advises a range of well-known artists on their global social media strategy. A popular & provocative moderator & interviewer, he curates some of the world’s top music gatherings: Asia-Pacific's ``All That Matters`` & the UN’s World Summit Awards. He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in the UK, & he’s based in London, or on a plane to where mobile discovery, development & investment calls. He is well-known and popular in India where he is often invited to speak on the latest trends in music, entertainment and social media. He says India is his spiritual home and one day, he promises he will relocate to live in Mumbai, which he loves visiting."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9487" bio_image_url="9487" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="REKHA BHARDWAJ" job_position="SINGER" team_member_bio="A renowned Indian playback singer who is known for her distinctive style of singing. She is a Multilingual singer. She has won Global Indian Music Awards as ‘Best Duet for the song Kabira’ with Tochi Raina, A national Award winner for the song ‘Badi Dheere Jali’ from the movie Ishqiya’. She is Known for her Sufism performance and soulful voice, Rekhaji has performed over 500+ concerts all over the globe. She has sung over 50 superhit Bollywood songs. From the super hit song ‘Judaai’ from the movie Badlapur to ‘Mileya Mileya ‘from the movie ‘Happy Ending’ to ‘Kabira’ &amp; ‘Ghaghra’ from the movie ‘yeh jawaani hai deewani’, ‘Banna Banni’ from the movie ‘Revolver Rani’, ‘Phir le aaya dil’ from the movie ‘Barfi. ‘Dum Ghuta Hai from the movie Drishyam &amp; Zindagi Kuch toh Bata’ from the movie ‘Bajrangi Bhaijaan’ &amp; Zinda from the movie Talvar. Her recent Bollywood Playbacks- Mere Miyan Gaye England, Yeh Ishq Hai (Female Version), Tippa, Chori Chori, Ek Dooni Do from the movie Rangoon &amp; Badnaam Jiya De Gaari from the movie Anaarkali of Aarah Movie."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8721" bio_image_url="8976" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="RISHI MALHOTRA" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & CEO</br>JIOSAAVN" team_member_bio="As CEO, Rishi has led the Saavn team through significant user growth and business expansion. In addition to driving the overall vision for the company, Rishi leads the product, design and data teams to deliver market leading consumer-facing products. Rishi spearheaded Saavn's evolution into original content and also secured partnerships with companies like Facebook, Twitter, Shazam, T- Mobile and Sonos. Rishi has over 16 years of experience in digital media and consumer technology. Previously, Rishi was VP of HBO On Demand and Multi-Platform for Home Box Office, Inc. where he pioneered HBO's SVOD products, digital distribution and original VOD content for many HBO franchises including Big Love, The Wire and HBO Sports. Rishi's work has been featured in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Hollywood Reporter and Forbes. He has been a speaker at Goldman Sachs Internet Conference, CES, Digital Hollywood, and served as Chairman of “The Future TV Conference” in 2009. Most recently he was named GQ India's Man of the Year (Digital Don) 2017. Rishi graduated from Washington University and is currently based in New York City."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8722" bio_image_url="8977" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ROHAN JHA" job_position="HEAD - POP INITIATIVES</br>SONY MUSIC INDIA" team_member_bio="With over 14 years of experience across multiple facets of the music industry, Rohan Jha currently heads the Pop Initiatives at Sony Music. The Pop division is responsible for discovery, A&R and marketing of Non-film original music and Independent Talent. Since its inception in 2012, this division has been responsible for discovery and development of path-breaking talent like Divine, Arjun Kanungo, Akasa, Darshan Raval and Raja Kumari. He also heads the Promotions division for Sony Music India."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8723" bio_image_url="8978" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ROHIT PILLAI" job_position="ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, PARTNERSHIPS & EVENTS</br>BIRA 91" team_member_bio="He started his career as an Anchor in year 1999 and today he is one of the leading anchors of the nation. He got his name registered in the Limca Book of Records for hosting 4000 shows in the shortest span of time. He cherishes all the events he has hosted till date, however, hosting for the opening and closing ceremony of Common Wealth games is closest to his heart. Katalyst Entertainment Pvt Ltd, a brainchild of Nitin Arora was incorporated in 2007 with the vision to ideate and innovate on ideas that take entertainment trends to completely new level of freshness. In just about a decade, Katalyst Entertainment turned their fortunes and reputation of modest beginners around to becoming industry leaders. This success was achieved through their inimitable ability to go all out and design entertainment which is ‘too good to be true’, impeccable client servicing and of course meticulous execution. Team Katalyst has been ideating, innovating and executing entertainment for all the leading weddings along with other significant large-scale events of India. With the majority of the top brass of society on their client list, they have been moving forward, setting new benchmarks and wow factors - year after year and event after event."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8724" bio_image_url="8979" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ROSHAN ABBAS" job_position="MD</br>GEOMETRY GLOBAL ENCOMPASS" team_member_bio="Roshan Abbas has spent two decades gathering domain expertise in radio, television, theatre, events and BTL and entered Bollywood with his directorial debut under the banner of Shahrukh Khan’s Red Chillies Production. He is a reputed television and radio anchor having won 7 national awards (for Family Fortunes, Public demand, Livewire, Khanak, Junior Janaab, Toofan Mail etc.). Known for his insatiable appetite to learn and innovate, Roshan entered the event management and communication arena, driven by the desire to provide an all-encompassing service to clients. And thus, Encompass Events was born. As Managing Director, he led the agency with passion and creativity, becoming one of India’s best experiential marketing companies, with service offerings spanning across events, BTL and content creation. Roshan is also currently a mentor partner at Glitch, which is amongst India’s top independent digital agencies. In 2015, Roshan along with Gaurav Kapur and Ankur Tewari co-founded a start-up called Kommune. Kommune is a collective of artists, collaborators, producers, patrons and art lovers who want to discover and create great art. The aim is to find, seed and nurture creative performance art ideas, helping them find a place in the world and a captive audience. In just over a year Kommune captained projects on storytelling, poetry and theatre. Hosted 2 seasons of “The Storytellers” on Amazon Prime Video, given a platform to discover and nurture a new breed of Spoken Word Artists from across India and done close to 100 shows for corporates and colleges nationally. Having held 7 different careers from theatre, film, TV, radio, songwriter, he has successfully traversed the change from MC to MD. Roshan is now a media entrepreneur and an angel investor in the media and technology space. He is passionate about and regularly conducts workshops on radio, mass communication and events."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8725" bio_image_url="8980" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SABBAS JOSEPH" job_position="DIRECTOR</br>WIZCRAFT ENTERTAINMENT" team_member_bio="Founder-director of Wizcraft International Entertainment, India’s premiere Experiential Marketing and Event Management company along with his partners Andre Timmins and Viraf Sarkari, Sabbas Joseph is considered as one of the founding fathers of the Rs. 5000 cr. event management business in India. A master’s degree holder in political science from St. Xavier’s College, Mumbai; Wiz Sabbas spent almost a decade as a journalist holding editorial positions across some of the country’s leading publications. As founder-director of Wizcraft International Entertainment, over the past 25 years Wiz Sabbas Joseph has spearheaded and managed several events for the company which included some of the best events that India has witnessed in the past two decades. These include, the 50 years of Indian Independence celebrations, The Michael Jackson concert, The Indian Millennium celebrations, ceremonies for The New Delhi Commonwealth Games, the CWG handover ceremony in Melbourne, the first Afro Asian games, Independence Day celebrations in Kargil, 30 years of Mauritian Independence, visits by US Presidents, George Bush, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama amongst several others. Wizcraft are the promoters and producers of the International Indian Film Academy and the IIFA Awards, which are held at exotic locations across the world, for the promotion of Indian cinema. The IIFAs are widely considered as the world’s largest event featuring Indian entertainment. Wizcraft has been a part of some of the most successful international brand launches in the country and India visits of leading international dignitaries have been handled by the company. Sabbas Joseph is a faculty-member and guest lecturer at leading management and communication institutes in the country and is today recognized as a leading thinker in the field of unconventional media. He is also an active member of the entertainment committees of FICCI and CII and Event Management Association of India, etc. Wiz Joseph was elected President of the Event & Entertainment Management Association (EEMA), India’s apex body for the industry. His pioneering role has ensured a distinct momentum that reflects thought, leadership as well as proactive action that the Indian event industry is now being recognized for."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8726" bio_image_url="8981" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SACHIN SINGHAL" job_position="CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER</br>WYNK MUSIC" team_member_bio="Sachin is Chief Business Officer for Wynk and leads Product, Monetisation and Alliances. Wynk Music was launched as an OTT experiment by Airtel in Sep 2014 and with core focus on Consumer experience and growth, Wynk Music has been largest Music streaming app in India for last 2.5 years. Before Wynk, Sachin was leading Mobile Internet growth and innovations at Airtel; and he has also worked in Consumer Internet startups like PayTM and Ibibo group. He is a graduate from IIT Delhi and IIM Ahmedabad."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8727" bio_image_url="8982" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SAMEET SHARMA" job_position="VICE PRESIDENT</br>VIACOM 18 MEDIA PVT LTD" team_member_bio="With 16+ years in the Live entertainment & Media business, I have built experiential campaigns & large format events for various brands while working with Geometry Global Encompass to launching more than 30 Award IP”s (national & regional) while heading the IP division @ Reliance Broadcast Network Ltd. Finally, in last 5 years I have built the Live IP portfolio at Viacom 18 building IP's across Music, Comedy, kids entertainment and finally took over Vh1Supersonic as a brand in 2015 and changed the face of the festival in a multi-genre extravaganza that it is today."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8728" bio_image_url="8983" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SAMIR BANGARA" job_position="MD & CO-FOUNDER</br>QYUKI DIGITAL MEDIA PVT LTD" team_member_bio="Samir Bangara is the Co-Founder & Managing Director of Qyuki, a creator focused multi-platform media company with a digital DNA that he co-founded with Shekhar Kapur and AR Rahman He is the Former Managing Director (Digital) of DisneyUTV and has about two decades of extensive experience in the media and technology industries. Before the acquisition by Disney, Samir was the Chief Operating Officer of Indiagames Ltd. He started his career in venture capital followed by a long stint as an investment banker. Samir has been listed amongst the top 15 angel investors in India - 2013 by VC Circle, is the Founding Co-chair of h2 (h2.co) and a mentor/investor at GSF (Global SuperangelsForum). He is a motorhead and is passionate about racing, superbikes and cars"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8729" bio_image_url="8985" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SANJAY TANDON" job_position="CEO</br>ISRA" team_member_bio="Mr. Sanjay Tandon has been in the Industry for the past 27 years and is well known as the one who started the movement of Collective Management of Copyright in Music India. He is a national of India. He was instrumental in strengthening the Indian Performing Right Society Limited, (IPRS) – the Music Royalty Collecting Society of India for 14 years before resigning from the post of Director General. He pioneered the Movement of Copyright Administration in India and developed the IPRS from scratch to an internationally recognized entity. He was and is very closely involved with the Copyright Movement in India and abroad. He has represented the Country at 5 Copyright World Congresses of CISAC, and 2 Regional Roundtable on copyright under WIPO and is also a regular speaker at various copyright seminars and symposiums. He also speaks regularly on the subject of copyright in various Universities of the country, police training centers, International Conventions, the FICCI and CII. He was actively involved at various discussion stages for WIPO Treaties – WCT, WPPT, the Broadcasters Treaty etc. He was closely associated with the latest 2012 copyright amendments in India and as an expert on the subject of copyright, deposed and submitted his recommendations before the Joint Parliamentary Committee on the Amendments. Certain provisions in the proposed amendment are due to his perseverance with the Government. It was his relentless fight for the Singers’ Copyright since 1992 that the Singers have now at last got the Right to Royalties for their Performances. With result that Mr, Tandon formed and set up the Indian Singers Rights Association (ISRA) which was the 1st Copyright Society to be Registered un der the New Act. He is now the CEO of ISRA. ISRA is his Child given birth by him and he is nurturing it on International Standards gaining International recognition. With his relentless perusal with the Government of India ever since ISRA was formed that, recently India acceded to the WCT & WPPT. He is also popular for starting the era of “John Doe” Orders against Piracy of Films. All through these years, Mr. Tandon has interacted with many heads of State and Presidents of India, USA, France, Chile, Germany, etc. on a one-to-one basis for Copyright Issues facing India. Mr. Sanjay Tandon is also a singer and sings in the voice of Mukesh and has sung under the baton of Shankar-Jaikishan, Naushad, Kalyanji-Anandji, O.P. Nayyar, Sonik-Omi, Khayyam, Dilip Sen and many other legends. He has been conferred with many awards and recognition. He worked as a Leading Copyright Consultant from July, 2004 to September, 2005 to the likes of Lata Mangeshkar, Asha Bhosle, Javed Akhtar, Sonu Nigam, Sunidhi Chauhan, Shaan, and such other 103 top Artists. He was Head at Mobile Content Alliances, Reliance Communications Ltd, from October, 2005 to March, 2008. He was Vice-President at Reliance Entertainment from April, 2008 till January, 2013 stearing Reliance Group’s Anti-Piracy Operations be it in whatever format – Physical. Cable or Internet. From February, 2013 till June, 2017, he was the CEO of the Music Composers’ Association of India (MCAI), the body which represents the Composers of India and at present, he is the CEO of the Singers’ Association of India (SAI) and of the Indian Singers’ Rights Association (ISRA)."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8730" bio_image_url="8986" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SANKAR THIAGASAMUDRAM" job_position="CEO</br>AUDEZE LLC" team_member_bio="Sankar is a passionate entrepreneur and business leader with a solid track record delivering great products. He is the Co-Founder and CEO of Audeze, the award-winning headphone company based in California. Sankar wore multiple hats (Engineer, CFO, COO etc) as he grew Audeze from a bootstrapped startup to establishing a manufacturing plant. At Audeze, Sankar established a strategic partnership with BMW DesignWorks to streamline design of all Audeze products. Prior to starting Audeze, Sankar was the product manager at DVS/Rohde & Schwarz responsible for the Digital Cinema product line, the most widely used encoder for Digital Cinema. Sankar holds a M.S. in Electrical Engineering from University of Southern California and a B.S. In Electrical Engineering from PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8757" bio_image_url="8988" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SANUJEET BHUJABAL" job_position="SENIOR DIRECTOR MARKETING</br>SONY MUSIC INDIA" team_member_bio="Senior Director Marketing in Sony Music where he is the Business Head for Bollywood, North Repertoire/Management division and Licensing. He joined Sony Music in 1998 to spearhead the company’s entry into Bollywood with Kuch Kuch Hota Hai. Over the years he has looked at various other functional aspects of the business including the entry of Sony Music into Co-Production of Movies, Pop music, Home Video, Branding and Talent Management. A music aficionado he is a Commerce graduate with Honors in Accountancy and a PGDM from IIM Bangalore (1993 batch)."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8732" bio_image_url="8989" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SAT BISLA" job_position="PRESIDENT & FOUNDER</br>A&R WORLDWIDE/MUSEXPO" team_member_bio="Sat Bisla has had a multi-faceted 33 year career in the music industry-- as a club DJ, Tastemaker DJ, music journalist, radio programmer, club booker, artist manager, A&R advisor and/or consultant for various music companies worldwide. Bisla created, developed and oversaw the worldwide A&R Network for Clear Channel Radio and Clear Channel Entertainment and was an architect for The New Music Network, which evolved into iHeart Media. Bisla is the founder of the globally respected A&R Worldwide, MUSEXPO, Global Synch & Brands Summit and Worldwide Radio Summit brands and has helped many artists who have gone on to global success. He also programs and hosts the globally syndicated, pre-discovery tastemaker radio show Passport Approved that airs on over 70 stations around the world."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8733" bio_image_url="8990" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SEYMOUR STEIN" job_position="CO-FOUNDER / CHAIRMAN & VP</br>SIRE RECORDS & WARNER BROS. RECORDS" team_member_bio="Seymour Stein is the cofounder and former chairman of Sire Records & Vice President, Warner Bros. Records, one of the music industry’s most influential record labels and home to some of the most iconic names in modern music. Through its focus on discovering and nurturing distinctive artists and groups, Sire has been a goldmine for cutting-edge music, from popular trailblazers like The Ramones ,Talking Heads and Tom Tom Club, Depeche Mode, The Smiths, the Cure, Echo and The Bunnymen, Erasure, The Cult, The Undertones, Madness, The Replacements, Ice T, k.d. lang, Seal, Everything but The Girl, Aztec Camera, Dinosaur Jr., Wilco, My Bloody Valentine, Primal Scream, Aphex Twins, SpaceHog. Sire put Punk and New Wave on the map in the 1970s and 1980s, and Stein has been the label’s driving creative force since its origins as an independent label and through its tenure as one of the most important imprints within the Warner Bros. Records label family. Stein’s unique ability to anticipate musical trends, and to discover and sign the greatest artists within those movements, has left an indelible mark on pop culture and helped to launch and nurture the careers of some of music’s most memorable artists. “Seymour’s taste in music is always a couple years ahead of everybody else’s,” observed Gary Kurfirst, who managed Talking Heads, one of the bands Stein first saw – and signed – at New York’s legendary CBGB’s. Stein also saw merit in the Pretenders, By the early 1980s, Sire had hit its stride as an independent label and was one of the industry’s most influential creative homes. A major non-New Wave discovery during that fertile period was a rising young dance-music artist named Madonna. Sire released her first single (“Everybody”/”Burning Up”) in the fall of 1982, but at a meeting several months earlier sensing her long term staying power, famously held at a Lenox Hill hospital room where he was recuperating from a heart infection, Stein signed Madonna to a multi-album deal. Madonna remained with Sire and Warner Bros., until joining Live Nation in 2007. “`{`Seymour is`}` more interested in the music than whether he’s going to get platinum records out of it,” Madonna said. “Every time he signs somebody, he’s taking a chance. And there aren’t many people in the entertainment industry who do that anymore.” The ripples from Stein’s enthusiastic, music-first approach had a positive influence on the music business in general. Some of the many acts Stein has worked with in his career include: Flamin’ Groovies, The English Beat, Tom Tom Club, Erasure, Yazoo, Little Jimmy Scott, The Rezillos, Morcheeba, Primal Scream (enjoying strong UK comeback), My Bloody Valentine (enjoying strong UK comeback), Mighty Lemon Drops, Laidback, Ofra Haza, Ocean Blue, Tommy Page, Uncle Tupelo, Wilco, Dinosaur Jr., Ministry, Barenaked Ladies, Aphex Twin, Throwing Muses, Belly, Space Hog, Book of Love, Deborah Harry and Lou Reed."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8734" bio_image_url="8991" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SHAHIR MUNEER" job_position="DIRECTOR</br>DIVO" team_member_bio="Divo is among South India's Leading company as a - Online Video Multi Platform Network - Music Distributor & Publisher - Content Marketing Shahir Founded Divo as a startup YouTube Network in 2013 as a 2 member operation along with partner Vishu Ramaswamy. Today the company distributes and manages 15,000 music track catalog and maanges over 200 production houses, music labels, independent artists in the online video space within South India."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8992" bio_image_url="8992" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SHERLEY SINGH" job_position="FOUNDER-DIRECTOR</br>JOSHUA INC." team_member_bio="Sherley Singh is the Founder-Director of Joshua Inc., India’s leading Music Meta Data Management and Royalty Administration Company. Joshua Inc. is a music data hub, founded by Sherley and Raju Singh which bridges the gap between the music industry’s metadata and money flow. Boasting a client base that ranges over generations and genres, Joshua Inc. facilitates the music creators to consolidate their music metadata and make it accessible for the business side, hence ensuring transparency and correct credits and payments for everyone."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8736" bio_image_url="8994" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SHREYAS SRINIVASAN" job_position="FOUNDER & CEO</br>INSIDER.IN" team_member_bio="Shreyas Srinivasan joined Only Much Louder (OML) in April 2010 and founded OML’s digital business. He has since been instrumental increating and launching Insider.in and NH7.in. Before OML, he was the co-founder of RadioVeRVe, one of India’s first internet radio stations dedicated to promoting independent music. He is a well-known open source developer and speaks extensively on open source and related technologiesShreyas Srinivasan joined Only Much Louder (OML) in April 2010 and founded OML’s digital business. He has since been instrumental increating and launching Insider.in and NH7.in. Before OML, he was the co-founder of RadioVeRVe, one of India’s first internet radio stations dedicated to promoting independent music. He is a well-known open-source developer and speaks extensively on open source and related technologies."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8737" bio_image_url="8995" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SHRIDHAR SUBRAMANIAM" job_position="PRESIDENT</br>SONY MUSIC INDIA & MIDDLE EAST" team_member_bio="Shridhar Subramaniam joined Sony Music India since its inception in 1996 and has been instrumental in driving the Company to achieve market leader status in India. Under his leadership, Sony Music is now a major player in International Music, Hindi Soundtracks, Regional language music, has a strong roster of Pop artists and has acquired a number of catalogues. Currently, Shridhar Subramaniam is President - Sony Music India & Middle East. Shridhar enjoys being challenged and has undertaken a number of roles in his extensive career of 20 plus years. Being a graduate from Sydenham College of Commerce & Economics, he moved to the USA to pursue his MBA from Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland. He returned India to join Titan in 1988 and worked with them for 8 years where he was involved in Titan’s entry into the youth market with Fastrack, Timex’s entry into India and also a key person behind getting the brand to its leadership position in India. He went on to become General Manager Marketing - Titan International based in London and was assigned the key role of defining and managing product development and all aspects of marketing for Titans entry into the European market. He has held a variety of additional roles at Sony including being the MD of Sony Music Thailand, working with Sony Pictures in local language film production and was made President of India and the Middle East in 2010. He is the now the Chairman of the Indian Music Industry and of Public Performance Limited; Industry bodies that comprise of over 100 record companies in India."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8742" bio_image_url="8997" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SIDDHARTHA CHATURVEDI" job_position="CEO</br>EVENT CRAFTER" team_member_bio="Siddhartha Chaturvedi is the man behind this exciting new boutique multi-genre music festival named Taalbelia which is already driving tourism in the otherwise dry Shekhawati region of Rajasthan. With a huge experience of more than 21 years in field of live events and experiential marketing he is the CEO of Rajasthan's most respected and awarded outfit called Event Crafter. Siddhartha earlier was also a pivotal part of some successful IPs of early times named Jaipur heritage international festival and the Jodhpur RIFF in its inaugural edition."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8740" bio_image_url="8998" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SIDDHARTHA ROY" job_position="CEO</br>HUNGAMA.COM" team_member_bio="Siddhartha Roy is the Chief Operating Officer of Hungama Digital Media Entertainment Private Limited, India’s leading digital entertainment company.Siddhartha leads the company’s consumer and business initiatives across its multiple verticals including Hungama Music – one of the most popular music streaming services in India, Hungama Play – Hungama’s video streaming service, Artist Aloud –a platform for independent artistes and Hungama Games – a publisher, distributor and marketer of mobile games. Siddhartha has championed multiple innovations in the digital entertainment space. He spearheaded the launch of Hungama Music, Hungama Play and Artist Aloud. He has also been instrumental in crafting unique consumer experiences such as Hungama Drive – the first of its kind in-car music app available in Jaguar Land Rover vehicles, linear channels – ad-free and pre-programmed OTT channels and exceptional gaming experiences for Hungama Games with the launch of multiple movie and cricket IP games. Siddhartha has also led the creation of multiple touchpoints with Hungama’s users through its associations with leading telecom operators like Vodafone and Airtel, DTH services like Tata Sky and smart devices like Amazon Echo. He has been the driving force behind the company’s international expansion and delivered Hungama’s services to users across the globe through associations with international telecom operators. Under his leadership, Hungama has further strengthened its distribution business and partnered with over 400 content creators, record labels, studios, broadcasters and game publishers globally for digital and mobile content. Today, the Hungama service has over 45 million monthly active users across its consumer destinations, and is available in over 70 countries worldwide. Siddhartha was the erstwhile COO & co- founder of BigAdda, India’s largest youth network, a part of the Reliance ADA Group. Prior to Bigadda.com, he has worked with MTV Networks and Star TV India."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8743" bio_image_url="9000" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SIMON WHEELER" job_position="DIRECTOR - DIGITAL</br>BEGGARS GROUP" team_member_bio="Previously a musician, engineer, producer, remixer and promoter, Simon has been with The Beggars Group since 1990. Starting work with online distribution in 1997, Simon has since worked with almost every significant entity in digital media. He has spoken at most music conferences around the world on digital music and media strategy, made statements to the UK parliament and has testified at the USA's CRB webcasting proceedings. He is also a director and board member of Video Performance Ltd (VPL) and Consolidated Independent (CI), but the most important role is keeping the Beggars Group of labels at the forefront of all new technologies to deliver its roster of artists to the widest possible audience. The Beggars Group represents 4AD, Matador, Rough Trade, XL Recordings and Young Turks."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8744" bio_image_url="9001" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SUBHASH GHAI" job_position="DIRECTOR" team_member_bio="Subhash Ghai (born 24 January 1945) is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter, known for his works predominantly in Hindi cinema. His most notable works include Maeri (1976), Karz (1980), Hero (1983), Meri Jung (1985), Karma (1986), Ram Lakhan (1989), Saudagar (1991), Khalnayak (1993), Pardes (1997), Taal (1999), and Black &amp; White (2008). In 1982, he started Mukta Arts Private Limited which, in 2000, became a public company, with Subhash Ghai as its executive chairman. In 2006, he received the National Film Award, for producing the social problem film Iqbal, in the same year he founded the Whistling Woods International film and media institution in Mumbai. In 2015, he received the IIFA Award for outstanding contribution to Indian Cinema."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7905" bio_image_url="9096" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SUBIR MALIK" job_position="FOUNDER, ORGANIST & MANAGER</br>PARIKRAMA INC" team_member_bio="Subir Malik is the founder, organist, and manager for the legendary rock band Parikrama, who just celebrated their 26th birthday as a band. In an industry obsessed with Bollywood, he has been able to maintain his band relevant, even today, singing only Rock in English, and still do a good amount of shows. Been awarded many awards, including the “dewarist”, and the Glenfiddich spirit award, for always swimming against the tide, doing things his way, and succeeding almost everytime, he is also appointed by the Govt of India, as a consultant, on the subcommittee of ICCR, for bands. His company, Parikrama Inc, also manages a huge number of bands."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8739" bio_image_url="8996" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SUKHBIR SINGH" job_position="SINGER</br>ROARING FOLKS ENTERTAINMENT PVT. LTD." team_member_bio="Sukhbir is an Indian born Dubai based Singer-Song writer-Composer who revolutionized folk Punjabi music by fusing it with modern contemporary sounds. With Six albums and Two greatest hits under his belt, Sukhbir is known for his Iconic style and an interactive power-packed live performances. His evergreen hit and the biggest party anthem ``Ishq`` (Oho ho ho - Ishq Tera Tadpaave) was featured in Bollywood film ``Hindi Medium`` in 2017. In addition to the song Ishq; Gal Ban Gayee, Punjabi Munde, Sauda Khara, Dil Kare & Nachle Soniye are the most heard songs globally."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9488" bio_image_url="9488" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SUKHWINDER SINGH" job_position="BOLLYWOOD ROCKSTAR &amp; SINGER" team_member_bio="Sukhwinder Singh is an Indian Bollywood Playback Singer, Composer, Actor, Lyricist. Singh is famous for singing `` Chaiyya Chaiyya `` for which he won The Best Male Playback Award at The 1999 Filmfare Awards. Singh's ``Jai Ho`` from the film Slumdog Millionaire, song won an academy Award for best original song &amp; A Grammy Award for Best Song written for a motion picture. His rendition for the 2014 released Haider fetched him the National Film Award For Best Playback Singer."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8745" bio_image_url="9002" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SUNNY M.R." job_position="MUSIC COMPOSER, MUSIC PRODUCER, SOUND ENGINEER" team_member_bio="For more than 17 years Sunny M.R. has continuously impressed the music fraternity with his Midas touch in music. A renowned composer in the Telugu industry, Sunny is also a famed music producer, sound engineer and a playback singer. Before venturing into Bollywood this multi-talented musician started off as a sound engineer in the South Indian Film Industry. Shot to fame with his popular music in Swamy Ra Ra, Sunny has composed music for over 7 Telugu movies and produced and arranged music for more than 50 Hindi and Telugu movies. Praised by the veteran music director M M Keeravaani, Sunny has been a recipient of numerous awards for his work ranging from Global Indian Music Award to back to back Mirchi Music Award. Sunny is a self-confessed Jazz and RnB buff. He believes Jazz to be an advanced harmonised version of Carnatic music and has experimented and produced music mastering ragas from Carnatic Music and many more forms. Till now, he has extensively collaborated with more than 350 music albums. Sunny M.R. was last seen on stage performing live at the Bollywood Music Project Mumbai & Delhi ft. Nakash Aziz & Shalmali Kholgade."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8746" bio_image_url="9003" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SUPREET KAUR" job_position="FESTIVAL DIRECTOR, BACARDI NH7 WEEKENDER</br>OML" team_member_bio="Supreet Kaur is the Festival Director at Bacardi NH7 Weekender, responsible for the creative and strategic direction of the festival. In her 7 years at OML, Supreet has worked across various verticals such as festival production, conceptualising branded properties, and artist management."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8747" bio_image_url="9004" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SURESH JAISINGHANI" job_position="PARTNER</br>VIDEO PALACE" team_member_bio="Suresh Jaisinghani is the managing partner at Video Palace. He has approximately 36 years of experience in the media & entertainment industry. He has through knowledge, proficiency and experience of the business and is actively involved in the creative, legal and financial matters of the company. Video Palace (VP) is a Mumbai, India based independent production company. Founded in 1982 as an video rental library, the company has today carved a niche for itself in Marathi Entertainment Industry. The company’s activities span production & distribution of Films & Music across all platforms including emerging new age Media formats. Video Palace has its own music label – VP Music. VP Music repertoire has almost all super hit Marathi film music produced since 2005 and is a major contender in the Marathi music business in India. Video Palace believes in making cutting edge, coming of age films with a new breed of maverick filmmakers for a worldwide audience."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8748" bio_image_url="9005" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SWAPNIL BANDODKAR" job_position="SINGER" team_member_bio="Swapnil Bandodkar Co-founder &amp; Director of Sankram Music Pvt. Ltd. One of India's celebrated singers, Winner of many prestigious awards, credited with 3000+ songs till date for numerous movies, albums, jingles, etc."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8749" bio_image_url="9006" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="SYLVAIN DELANGE" job_position="DIRECTOR APAC - LATAM</br>BELIEVE DISTRIBUTION SERVICES" team_member_bio="Sylvain Delange is Director Asia Pacific and Latin America for Believe Distribution Services. With a career spanning over a decade in the music industry, Sylvain has an extensive knowledge of the emerging music markets and digital landscapes. Since joining Believe early 2013, Sylvain has been leading the company into attaining market leading positions in the Asia-Pacific region. Sylvain heads a team of over 50 music loving Label Managers and Channel Managers all around the Asia Pacific and Latin America dedicated to empower independent artists and labels."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8761" bio_image_url="9010" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="TARSAME MITTAL" job_position="FOUNDER</br>TARSAME MITTAL TALENT MANAGEMENT" team_member_bio="Tarsame Mittal is the founder of TM Talent Management - one of the most preferred Talent Management Organisation in the Indian Music Industry. TM Talent Management represents 26 musicians from the Indian Music & Live Entertainment Industry including some of the most prominent names like Ajay-Atul, Amitabh Bhattacharya , Amit Trivedi, Arijit Singh, Hariharan, Rekha Bhardwaj,Sajid Wajid,Sunidhi Chauhan, Vishal Bhardwaj, Vishal & Shekhar and Zubeen Garg . He has also visioned several initiatives in Indian Music Business in these years including :- Bollywood Music Project (BMP) - a 2-day, multi stage & genre music festival that features over 60 artists in from the Music Industry and has successfully completed 3 editions in the past 18 months. All About Music - an all-inclusive B2B conference for the Music Industry. In its debut year, It brought together over 85+ speakers & 1000+ stakeholders making it one of the most memorable music conference. Music Plus - An interactive music communication portal serving as an all-inclusive information hub for the music industry and music lovers."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8750" bio_image_url="9007" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="TARUN KATIAL" job_position="CEO</br>ZEE5" team_member_bio="Founder COO-CEO of India's largest radio network BIG FM across over 60 cities | Now leading OTT platform ZEE 5 | Past - impressive stints at Star TV and Sony Entertainment Television, Tarun Katial, is considered to be one of the most successful executives in the Indian media industry. He’s also set up the content incubator Thwink BIG as well as the BIG TV channels - Magic and Ganga. In 1998, Tarun earned an MBA in marketing, and his self-confessed urge to do ‘something different and exciting’ saw him jump into the world of advertising where he spent three rewarding years with agencies like Saatchi & Saatchi, Enterprise Nexus Lowe and Ogilvy & Mather. He then joined the Star Network and rose to become the Head of Content and Communications across the network in India before moving to Sony Entertainment Television as Business Head. Tarun has an established record of accomplishment through successful shows - KBC - Who wants to be a Millionaire - Lets make a deal India , slew of daily fiction content at STAR and Indian Idol | Fear Factor | Fame Academy | Ugly Betty at SET - have fortunately been in perfect tune with what captivates the Indian consumer. Other significant achievements in Tarun’s cap include being voted the NewsCorp Achiever for Asia and being included among the best in the ‘India Today 30 on 30’ list. He was also part of the team that won the first Media Gold at Cannes. With an experience of over 2 decades in the industry, he has been instrumental in revolutionizing the media and entertainment landscape in India, along with being a Tedx speaker, Jury chair for the Ad club Abby and DMAI, committee member with FICCI and CII, Ex-Com at IAAA and Vice President at Association of Radio Operators for India (AROI)."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8751" bio_image_url="9008" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="TEJ BRAR" job_position="FOUNDER & MANAGING DIRECTOR</br>THIRD CULTURE ENTERTAINMENT" team_member_bio="Tej Brar is the founder & director of Third Culture Entertainment with an extensive background in artist management, audio engineering, radio, venue programming & music licensing. He has previous work experience at Warner Chappell Music (Los Angeles), Universal Mastering (Los Angeles), BBC 6Music (London) & WERS 88.9FM (Boston) before returning to India in 2011 where he spearheaded Only Much Louders (OML) artist management division. He has worked extensively on various festival IP's as well as brand servicing and experiential marketing."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8760" bio_image_url="9009" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="TERI NELSON CARPENTER" job_position="PRESIDENT & CEO</br>REEL MUZIK WERKS" team_member_bio="Ms. Carpenter is the President & CEO of Reel Muzik Werks, LLC. A Full Service Music Rights Management Company that specializes in Global Writer/Publisher Administration, Licensing & Clearance and Music Supervision for all Media. Her executive experience includes overseeing the global music business for Fox Family Worldwide (including Fox Family Channel, Fox Kids Network & Saban Entertainment), MGM (Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer a major Film/TV Production Studio) & Hemdale Film Corp (Academy Award Winning Production Company). She started her career in performing rights management at BMI in Film & TV relations. Currently, Ms. Carpenter is the Vice President of the Association of Independent Music Publishers AIMP, Vice President of the Independent Music Publishers International Forum and a member of the NMPA IPAC (Independent Publisher Advisory Council). . In addition, Ms. Carpenter is a member of the Joint Project Lead at CISAC governing all Cross-Industry Projects as well as a member of the Steering Committee & Working Group with FastTrack/CISAC for the copyright database project CIS-Net Rights Holder’s Access.. Formerly a Two-term President of the California Copyright Conference and member of the Board of Directors & Finance Chair of the Copyright Alliance in Washington, D.C"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8762" bio_image_url="9011" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="TOM RETTIG" job_position="VICE PRESIDENT OF PRODUCT, MUSIC</br>GRACENOTE, A NIELSEN COMPANY" team_member_bio="As Vice President of Product, Music at Gracenote, Tom Rettig is responsible for overseeing development and management of the company's music data, content recognition and recommendation products which power the next-generation music experiences offered by the world's leading streaming services as well as top web, mobile, CE and automotive companies. Prior to joining Gracenote, Tom was VP of Production Studios (art, audio, animation and software) at LeapFrog and before that, Sound Director at Broderbund Software. At both companies, he played key roles in bringing several award-winning products to market. Tom has served on the Executive Board of the MIDI Manufacturers Association and is a voting member of the Recording Academy. He attended the University of California, San Diego where he earned a BA degree with honours in Music"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8763" bio_image_url="9012" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="TULIKA YADAV" job_position="CMO</br>INSIDER.IN" team_member_bio="You’re likely to have seen her at NH7 Weekender; not at the stages, but the box-office! Tulika’s love for music and an unconventional goal of getting fans to attend live concerts led her all the way to head marketing and ticketing for OML’s live properties. Through her 6 years at OML, she developed innovative marketing and content strategies and best ticketing practices to draw fans in. She is now the Chief Marketing Officer at Insider, a fast-growing events and experiences ticketing platform, which listed over 10,000 events in 2017-18. The platform has moved swiftly from being the go-to event ticketing platform for music and comedy shows, to expanding its offerings to tickets for theatre, curated travel, workshops, and most notably in sports with the IPL (Kings XI Punjab, Delhi Daredevils and Playoffs), international matches featuring team India, Pro-Kabaddi and the ISL. Tulika leads marketing efforts at Insider and works to create a fan-focused ticketing experience for the thousands of events listed on the platform, and works closely with promoters to ensure their events are marketed to fans efficiently."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8764" bio_image_url="9013" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VAIBHAV BUNDHOO" job_position="CREATIVE DIRECTOR</br>TVF (THE VIRAL FEVER)" team_member_bio="TVF's music director, Vaibhav Bundhoo, has single-handedly elevated the state of web series music in India. Inspired in equal parts by the likes of AR Rahman, Red Hot Chilli Peppers, old school Hip Hop- Vaibhav's music is known to lend a unique flavor the TVF web series. He has, of late, gained a cult status in the online community for his work on Pitchers, Permanent Roommates, Humorously Yours and Yeh Meri Family."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8765" bio_image_url="9014" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VARUN DUGGIRALA" job_position="CO-FOUNDER/CONTENT CHIEF</br>THE GLITCH" team_member_bio="With a background in broadcast production at MTV and Channel V, Varun co-founded The Glitch with Rohit Raj in 2009. Over the last 9 years as Glitch has grown from an apartment start-up to the creative powerhouse it is today he's worn many hats from Creative Producer, Content creator, Finance & Operations controller to full time janitor. As Content chief @the Glitch, Varun oversees the core process for content creation across the integrated communications model for the agency. He works with the core content, creative and production teams to constantly evolve more effective and efficient new age branded content that's staying away from more of the same."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8766" bio_image_url="9015" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VARUN SHARMA" job_position="ACTOR" team_member_bio="Varun Sharma is an Indian actor who made his debut in Farhan Akhtar's 2013 film production Fukrey, which was a big hit in Bollywood. Since his appearance in Fukrey, he has appeared in other comedy films, such as Kis Kisko Pyaar Karoon and Dilwale. More to his fame, his sequel to Fukrey - Fukrey 2 has been a massive blockbuster and has been part of the 100 Cr club."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8767" bio_image_url="9016" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VIJAY DAYAL" job_position="SOUND ENGINEER</br>YRF STUDIOS" team_member_bio="Vijay Dayal is a Sound Engineer at YRF Studios, Mumbai. Having worked at YRF for the past 12 years, Vijay has around 10 awards to his credit from IIFA, Zee Tech, IRAA, and Mirchi Music Awards for best song recording and mixing. He has worked on over 75 prominent films including Main Hoon Na, Veer Zara, Fanaa, Om Shanti Om, Agneepath and many more. He also works as a live FOH engineer with Pritam and Ajay Atul."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8768" bio_image_url="9017" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VIJAY SUBRAMANIAM" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & PARTNER</br>KWAN ENTERTAINMENT & MARKETING SOLUTIONS PVT. LTD." team_member_bio="Vijay Subramaniam is one of the Founding Partners of India's largest Talent Agency, KWAN Entertainment & Marketing Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Having studied mechanical engineering, Vijay was quick to realise that his real passion lay in Entertainment. Thus, on obtaining his degree, he joined Mahesh Bhupathis's Globosport as an intern and quickly rose to head the South office of the company. During his career in Globosport, Vijay established the LIVE touring business in the company and spearheaded Southern sales across brands and corporates. He was also was in charge of big ticket events such as the WTA Sunfeast Open 2008 and the nationwide Royal Stag Saif Ali Khan Rock tour. As one of co-founders and partners of KWAN Entertainment & Marketing Solutions Pvt. Ltd. some of Vijay's key responsibilities include, running the brand sales business, live business, television business, music and the content business. This apart he is the agent of some of the country's largest Bollywood talent including the likes of Deepika Padukone, Pritam, Shraddha Kapoor etc… With an in-depth knowledge of brands, LIVE events, films, coupled with a analytical business mindset, Vijay had quickly established himself as one of the leading names in the entertainment industry. Vijay also is a drummer, and this has helped in no small part in his understanding of the music business in India and an ability to notice opportunities for growth and expansion."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8769" bio_image_url="9018" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VIKAS BONI" job_position="ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT & HEAD - MTV BEATS</br>VIACOM18 MEDIA PVT. LTD." team_member_bio="Vikas Boni, the spearheading force behind MTV BEATS, the first 24/7 music channel from the house of MTV, is one of the most dynamic breed of young leaders in the music business. At MTV, he has led a gamut of diverse business roles in less than a decade which have ranged across talent acquisition, music licensing, monetization, programming and content development. He has been at the core of legacy shows like Coke Studio@MTV, MTV Unplugged & flagship reality TV shows on MTV for multiple seasons managing key business deals and annually 100+ artists. He launched MTV INDIES followed by MTV BEATS, which has registered a 160% viewership growth since inception and is home to the runaway hit shows around Bollywood & Music. In an industry which has been constantly innovating, Vikas continues to drive growth through his passion and acumen."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="7918" bio_image_url="9109" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VINEET GAUTAM" job_position="COUNTRY MANAGER & CEO</br>BESTSELLER INDIA" team_member_bio="Mr. Vineet Gautam’s career has been characterized by inspiring accomplishments. A retail virtuoso, Vineet Gautam is currently the Chief Executive officer (CEO) & Country Head of BESTSELLER India; the leading Danish clothing company which operates largely throughout Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Canada. In India, BESTSELLER is present under the brand names: JACK & JONES, ONLY, VERO MODA, SELECTED Homme, JUNAROSE and ONLY & SONS. He augments his current designation with his expertise in retail industry, fashion retail background and education. Mr. Gautam joined BESTSELLER in January 2010 and is leading the business and strategy for the brands in India. In a short span of 8 years Vineet has been able to take the company from 15 doors to 1000+ doors. The fashion retail industry is competitive and a place to display strength and power complemented with understanding and foresight, qualities which Mr. Gautam excels at. His forte includes Sales Operations, Marketing, Brand Management, and Business Development. Mr. Vineet envisions BESTSELLER to be the largest fashion retailer of the country by 2020. Prior to assuming his current role, Mr. Gautam led the team at United Colors of Benetton and handled retail and business development for all brands under UCB. He also headed the retail vertical for Idea Cellular where he had implemented the complete retail strategy for the telecom giant. He has also worked for Wills Lifestyle as Operations Manager, Café Coffee Day, Domino’s Pizza and Nirula’s. A Hotel Management Graduate from IHM-Delhi; he has 19 years of experience in the Retail and Marketing sector. Aiming for BESTSELLER to be India’s topmost fashion retail brand, Mr. Gautam believes in facing each new challenge with grit, dignity, and humility. In his free time, Mr. Gautam loves to indulge in photography, adventure sports and formula 1."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8758" bio_image_url="9019" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VINODH BHAT" job_position="CO-FOUNDER & PRESIDENT</br>JIOSAAVN" team_member_bio="He has over 18 years of experience in the media, entertainment and technology industries and has played a crucial role in defining the company’s purpose and vision, recruiting talented individuals to join the Saavn team, and developing its revenue streams. Vin also leads the Brand Solutions team in securing advertising partnerships with some of the world’s most recognized brands such as Vodafone, Emirates Airline, HP, Western Union, Pepsi and Toyota. Vin has been a recognized speaker at industry conferences around the world. He is also a Founding Partner at New York City-based venture development firm, 212MEDIA. Prior to Saavn and 212MEDIA, he co-founded and served as the VP of Sales & Business Development at Simile, a contextual advertising platform that advised various business units of Time Warner, Cox Media, McClatchy Newspaper Group, Scripps and Hearst Magazines. Vin began his career at the investment bank Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette (DLJ) and helped advise and raise capital for media & telecom companies such as Voyager, Earthlink, AT&T, @Home, Akamai, and several others. Vin graduated with a B.S. in Finance and Marketing from the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia, where he was an Echols Scholar."][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][vc_row_inner column_margin="default" bottom_padding="5%" text_align="left"][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" el_class="blank_column" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="8759" bio_image_url="9020" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="VIVEICK RAJAGOPALAN" job_position="CHAIRPERSON OUTREACH COMMITTEE </br>MCAI" team_member_bio="Viveick is the Chairperson (Outreach Committee – MCAI) and is committed to spreading awareness among the musical fraternity and literally reaching out to them and empowering them. His brainchild “MASTERSESSIONS” which has so far featured renowned speakers such as Achille Forler, Shirley Singh, Priyanka Khimani and Viveick himself has grown in popularity and become a huge hit with composers in the valuable insights provided. Viveick has pioneered the progressive thought process in MCAI, helping the organization grow merely beyond its traditional roles of dispute resolution, copyright battles and legal cases to empowerment of composers on a different plane. Keeping a strong focus on education, he believes that “A composer who is aware of his rights, is a composer who will build a strong community” He represented India at the Commonwealth Concert Tour in 2002 with Music director, Courtney Pine and other well-known musicians from the Commonwealth nations."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][team_member image_url="9489" bio_image_url="9489" team_memeber_style="bio_fullscreen" name="ZUBLEE BARUAH" job_position="ARTIST" team_member_bio="Zublee Baruah is a dynamic versatile singer, performer who is popular as Folk artist and a television personality from Assam.<br />
Her Album Maati 1 was nominated as the Best Folk Album at GIMA Awards 2014. She has composed &amp; sung in over 500 albums, her recent album Maati Volume - 2 released gaining a lot of support from the listeners.<br />
Zublee is also known for her tremendous generosity and her charity work for helping senior citizens along with differently abled children by donating organs and is the founder of Zublee Foundation in Assam.<br />
She is a multi-linguistic playback singer lending her voice to songs from Rajasthani, Punjabi, Assamese &amp; Bengali movies. Apart from Singing zublee is also credited for her music compositions, anchoring, Actor &amp; performer.<br />
She has received several awards and recognitions for her work like Best Female Singer of Assam by U.N.E.S.C.O, The Dr. Bhupen Hazarika Award 2011-12, Gupshup Music Award- Best Playback Singer (Female) &amp; (Non- Film Category) and many more.<br />
Apart from that Zublee is best known for her Bollywood &amp; Folk fusion whilst performing on stage, she has shared the stage with some of the popular &amp; talented artiste like Zubeen Garg, Arijit Singh, Amit Trivedi, Sachin Jigar, Divya Kumar, Benny Dayal &amp; Navraj Hans, and has performed in over 2000 shows in and around the globe, winning millions of hearts with her mesmerizing voice."][/vc_column_inner][vc_column_inner column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" column_link_target="_self" el_class="blank_column" width="1/4" tablet_width_inherit="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][/vc_column_inner][/vc_row_inner][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row type="full_width_background" full_screen_row_position="middle" bg_color="#ffee00" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="center" top_padding="4%" bottom_padding="4%" id="testimonials-2018" overlay_strength="0.3" shape_divider_position="bottom" bg_image_animation="none" shape_type=""][vc_column column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_link_target="_self" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" width="1/1" tablet_width_inherit="default" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][nectar_animated_title heading_tag="h4" style="color-strip-reveal" color="Accent-Color" text="<b>TESTIMONIALS</b>"][testimonial_slider style="default" star_rating_color="accent-color" autorotate="3000" disable_height_animation="true"][testimonial image="8661" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072742619-4" tab_id="1558072742620-8" name="ANG KWEE TIANG" subtitle="REGIONAL HEAD (ASIA PACIFIC), IFPI" quote="Well I think the key point of music industry study is that the average Indian music consumer spends 21.5hrs a week listening to music and way above the global average of 17.8hrs. Having said that you look at the size of the music industry is obviously much smaller than the rest of the world. So I think there is a disconnect between the Indian consumers love for the music and the value they are returning to the industry for that music and I think there lies the potential for the growth of music industry in India."][testimonial image="8680" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072743034-2" tab_id="1558072743035-6" name="DEVRAJ SANYAL" subtitle="MD & CEO, UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP, INDIA & SOUTH ASIA" quote="I'm incredibly greatful that the kind of numbers we had, almost 1200 people attending the second edition of All About Music is fantastic. More than 30 global speakers, 100 speakers in all across four rooms which are at any given point packed to the gills which is pretty impressive. i can only see this growing strength to strength."][testimonial image="8677" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072743172-4" tab_id="1558072743173-5" name="DAVID HELFANT" subtitle="FOUNDING PARTNER, LAW OFFICERS, DAVID A. HELFANT" quote="The Indian music industry is evolving very rapidly, and I, think there is tremendous opportunity for Indian artists in the global market especially with the accessability of the inetrnet now. You dont neccessarily need record company, you need great content and you need an angle, whatever the marketing angle is you need to figure out what makes you different and special than anyone else and then you need to work really really hard to persue your dreams."][testimonial image="8671" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072743333-3" tab_id="1558072743334-7" name="BOB EZRIN" subtitle="PRESIDENT , STILLWATER MUSIC &amp; MUSIC PRODUCER" quote="I've been fan of Indian music for many years but had no idea how rich, deep and varied it is."][testimonial image="8631" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072743530-5" tab_id="1558072743530-4" name="GURPREET SINGH" subtitle="CO-FOUNDER &amp; COO,ONE DIGITAL ENTERTAINMENT" quote="There are very few conferences where it’s just not throwing random numbers on the stage but, where the organizers and entire team work like a family to curate the right content which actually adds value to people who are participating."][testimonial image="8710" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072743807-2" tab_id="1558072743808-1" name="PARAMDEEP SINGH" subtitle="CO-FOUNDER &amp; EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN, JIO SAAVN" quote="It was a great opportunity to bring in international and domestic music executives for both networking and deal making. Also really appreciate the opportunity to talk about Saavn’s growth and where we are going with jio Saavn."][testimonial image="8725" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072744032-5" tab_id="1558072744033-5" name="SABBAS JOSEPH" subtitle="DIRECTOR, WIZCRAFT ENTERTAINMENT" quote="For me All About Music 2.O, is a version of All About Music or a music conference which is probably edition infinity. It’s open minds, it’s open hearts, it’s open person and it’s open opportunities and I think that’s the best thing about All About Music because it brings everyone together in the same room, breathing the same air, thinking the same ideas, playing around same thoughts and when you work like that opportunities open up."][testimonial image="8743" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072744170-7" tab_id="1558072744171-3" name="SIMON WHEELER" subtitle="DIRECTOR – DIGITAL, BEGGARS GROUP" quote="It was a packed few days, the attendance was impressive with people from all sides of the industry, it’s a great way to interact with the Indian music industry."][testimonial image="8763" star_rating="none" title="Testimonial" id="1558072744350-9" tab_id="1558072744350-9" name="TULIKA YADAV" subtitle="CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER, INSIDER.IN" quote="Every year, All About Music does a fantastic job of bringing together the key stakeholders of the music industry, from artists and promoters to digital businesses and solution providers. It has become the music industry’s go-to event, for inspiration, collaboration and new thinking."][/testimonial_slider][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row type="in_container" full_screen_row_position="middle" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="center" top_padding="4%" bottom_padding="4%" id="gallery" overlay_strength="0.3" shape_divider_position="bottom" bg_image_animation="none" shape_type=""][vc_column column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" column_link_target="_self" column_shadow="none" column_border_radius="none" width="1/1" tablet_width_inherit="default" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default" column_border_width="none" column_border_style="solid" bg_image_animation="none"][nectar_animated_title heading_tag="h4" style="hinge-drop" color="Accent-Color" text="<b>GALLERY</b>"][vc_gallery type="image_grid" images="9437,9427,9417,9407,9406,9416,9426,9436,9435,9434,9433,9432,9431,9430,9429,9428,9425,9424,9423,9422,9421,9420,9419,9418,9415,9405,9404,9414,9413,9403,9402,9412,9411,9401,9410,9409,9399,9398,9408,9397" layout="2" item_spacing="1px" gallery_style="7" load_in_animation="fade_in_from_bottom"][/vc_column][/vc_row]</p>