---
ID: 289
post_title: Moving to a new location
author: metalfinger
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://52.66.249.55/moving-to-a-new-location/
published: true
post_date: 2016-10-12 20:20:21
---
[vc_row type="in_container" full_screen_row_position="middle" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="left" bottom_padding="60" overlay_strength="0.3"][vc_column column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" width="1/1" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default"][vc_column_text][nectar_dropcap color="#3f59ff"]W [/nectar_dropcap]hen it is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane.[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row type="in_container" full_screen_row_position="middle" bg_color="#e8e8e8" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="left" top_padding="60" bottom_padding="60" overlay_strength="0.3"][vc_column column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" width="1/1" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default"][testimonial_slider style="minimal"][testimonial title="Testimonial" id="1476556082-1-28" tab_id="1476556171787-4" name="Mr. Nectar" subtitle="ThemeNectar" quote="Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. "] Click the edit button to add your testimonial. [/testimonial][/testimonial_slider][/vc_column][/vc_row][vc_row type="in_container" full_screen_row_position="middle" scene_position="center" text_color="dark" text_align="left" top_padding="60" overlay_strength="0.3"][vc_column column_padding="no-extra-padding" column_padding_position="all" background_color_opacity="1" background_hover_color_opacity="1" width="1/1" tablet_text_alignment="default" phone_text_alignment="default"][vc_column_text]but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek, then.[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row]